ok how about this gays are inherently immoral does that answer your
get to be with studly men. being gay is hard and can be very lonely.
gay is fire because were all flamboyant and
so naturally all gays are prostitutes right? lol
being gay is a mental disorder. wether or not
bro transgender is a mental disorder its a way
becos being gay is a mental disorder and luckily most
all homosexuals are pedophiles and they need to be
they think bisexual is just a confused person. they dont
or bisexuals are hypersexual. ive run into that a
the gay propaganda down our throats. being gay is a sin and i dont want
being gay is a mental disorder. psychology. once they
the field like some kind of flamboyant homosexual is much better.
be entertaining such sexually immoral thoughts. a transgender is nothing but an abomination of satan.
saying all gay people are immoral is a start
the second hidden message that not all homosexuals are fashionable.
has the nerve to say trans and queer people are pedophiles.
i wonder why i think the homosexuals are mentally ill
i denounce pedophiles of all affiliations but transgenders are pedophiles no matter what they believe
in middle school. actually i still think gays are weird.
transgenders all are mentally ill encouraging someone to
being gay is a sin. probably just ditch the
well. being a lesbian is a bad influence. it is immoral
thats strange gays are very promiscuous. dont nearly all of
lesbians are strangely aroused and confused by this
love how is transgenders are the supposedly the sensitive ones when
gasp! but being gay is immoral! it makes a mockery of
and gay is just a sin. downvotes from sensitive
asexuals are hated for being virgins and gays are being hated for being perverts. funny
yeah most queer people are pretty sensitive to anti-queer bigotry
closeted gays are often depressed and may have thoughts
homosexuals are much more polygamous as anyone whos
not use a slur  all these transgenders are insecure and nobody kills them like
im confused. as a lesbian is my wife supposed to make the
nice use of buzzwords. being transgender is a mental disorder similar to body
away from the kids you perverts! of homosexuals are pedophiles.
its because gays are emotionally damaged and unstable people who
transgenders are nothing but mentally ill narcissistic losers
is what is backed up by data homosexuals are dramatically more likely to sexually abuse
gays are mentally ill people. they had an
bc being gay is weird
imo musical theatre gay is the most insufferable kind of gay
gays are so dramatic
well gays are extra sensitive
correct gays are also insecure people. we are on
man lmao. only the people who are gay is lossers faggot.
so its not homophobic to say being gay is a sin and all gay people
gays are a disease and should be eradicated
bisexuals are just indecisive bisexuals
being bisexual is a disease we should get rid
people have no idea how lonely most gays are .. and even the popular ones
me god is all-mighty abortion is bad gays are a disease the democrats are socialists
lesbian is strange. am i rite?
but arent all the gays are great with fashion? s
think that having gay parents or being gay is a worse sin than being a
yeah it doesnt have to be. sometimes gay people are sad and lonely. dealing with
lesbians are weird dude. we all know that
to be homosexual is not sinful but to act out
me happy how accurate they made this transgenders are a mental disease btw lol
fck off faggot being gay is an mental ilness
a little dramatic but referring the whole transgender is a mental illness crowd
yeah because being gay is a bad thing that only losers
gay people are mentally ill! me glances at
is lonely and there are no good gays around so he doesnt date thus has
people to be straight and so assume gay people are as immoral as they are
a therapist this is just what being gay is about depressing and alone
oh splendid were doing the homosexuals are pedophiles parade from thes ands again
lesbians are just confused heterosexuals.
i dont know gays are fucking weird. i should know i
youre only allowed to hate sin if gay people are involved. s
this guy that fucked me  being gay is a mental disorder love your posts
so all women and homosexuals are submissive and there to serve? your
pansexuals are disgusting and disease ridden.
people exist and are perfectly normal vs. gay people are sinners who manufacture disease and
him fame. stupid faggot doesnt realize that homosexuals are out and trannies are the new
or fill a healing role since a bisexual is far too dramatic to prioritize defense.
will just have empty hookups lol sad gay is sad and lonely eat shit
and remember children the scary transgenders are all pedophiles.
most homosexuals are incredibely polygamous.
believed the three personality traits available for gays are science theatre and gym.
being gay is a sin in gereral
lesbians are super weird about it idk i
when my pe teacher said that all homosexuals are mentally ill.dont worry its south europe.
yeah bisexuals are weird. only for a go ya
its true us gays are too good with fashion and the
just depressed over the fact that t gay is winning
lets face it most transgenders are perverts
being gay is a mental disorder. i have nothing
gay people are a disease to the society.
because its very pro-gay to imply that gay people are intrinsically immoral.
i know gay people are disgysting perverts. but dont bring
shut up faggot being gay is against god and the bible. youre
gay is a mind disease. stop it stop
most gays are lonely af and dogs help tremendously
i mean transgenders are quite literally mentally ill its inevitable
ideology is an ideology which is false gays are harming themselves by being promiscuous and
us gays are just so confused about everything its
the only way a relationship can be bisexual is if its polygamous.
the thing i love the most is bisexuals are confused because its true. im confused
a girl tho but yes still a lesbian is so frustrating
gays are also the most depressed people in
lol being gay is a sin and gays are disgusting stop now
for god sake dont let that happen gay people are a sin to this world
gays are weird plus he used to be
all homosexuals are flamboyant men fact
homosexuals are a sin to god blah blah
he def caught feelings lol some gays are weird. they love straight and bi
gay people are typically lonely so if they
apparently shows need to exclusively have flamboyant gays where being gay is an important part
being gay is a disease that can only be
word for flamboyant which is the label gay is mostly used for.
this is me with the stereotype that bisexuals are greedy and confused. its because im
dont see this faggot and think all gay people are like him.
even got to where he says all gays are mentally ill yet.
and many gays are artistic and in the military whats
gays are diseases. they should be killed. correction
cis people omg trans and gender queer people are such perverts. also cis people
the gays are turning faggot bullies
bisexuals are just confused . edit dropped my
in the catholic church are mostly homosexuals. homosexuals are by nature perverted. refer to romansand
result of gender dysphoria. in a sense transgender individuals are mentally ill but i dont
the only way to prove youre not gay is to support the losers in the
maybe? petty social media gays are a strange bunch.
how about these ones? gays are degenerate freaks and perverts. opposing them
remember every homosexual person is just a predator waiting to
right wing homosexuals are really weird.
actually know chicks with those names lol. lesbians are weird
that bisexuals are going to get confused by it
but for transgenders depression isnt their mental illness the fact
because being gay is just being a strange person okay.
incles  gays are immoral and gross amp b also
i live in england and british theatre gays are the absolute worst
changing our way to think like how gays are sinful even tho animals beeing gay
well known fact male gays are promiscuous little sluts and love the
gays are bad kill them oh being gay is a disease
good for your education to see how homosexuals are perverted
transgender is a mental disease! but it is
damn no wonder the gays are depressed
gays are such perverts
no thats a laptop. lesbian is a disease that twitch streamer ninja
gays are just perverts  there is no
gay people are mentally ill and carry a
most lesbians are very confused about relationship statuses until
bisexuals are confused
pisses me off faggot is banned  homosexuals are that insecure?
remember being gay is mental disorder. its much worse than
gays are weird and disgusting in half the
gays are naturally clean and fashionable. most mods
they even want to fuck them. but gays are very bad and immoral! lmao
form? im waiting untill he says being gay is immoral.
all gay people are pedophiles. never understood where this
gay is sin make america white again
read my reply again. i said gay has also been a term for weird.
transgenders are mentally ill this is expected behaviour.
bisexuals are known for their weird hand movement
til all homosexuals are prostitutes. fuck off you absolute melt.
a year old saying theyre bi-romantic but bisexual is just kinda weird to think about..
clearly using some hardcore stimulants. clearly a transgender is way worse than a drug addict.
yes there is being gay is a sin
to listen to those trucks saying all gays are pedophiles and politicians saying that gays
homosexuals are perverted.
only thing that keeps him from going gay is that the flamboyant gay pride guys
me today that gay people are only gay because theyre mentally ill degenerates and im
animals shit in the woods something something gay people are repulsive and should keep it
i was legitimately suspected to be gay in high school because im emotionally sensitive.
being gay is not a sin gay sex is.
canadian lesbians are weird.
being black is affected by chromosomes being gay is a mental disease based on what
artistic and cultural merit because all the gays are in hell.
being a lesbian is being confused while your sister is
if that not proof transgender is a mental disease i dont know
gay people are immoral and wrong
confused bisexuals are looking through their closet now
gays are mentally ill pedophile rapists to trumpsters
bisexuals are just pretending to be confused
ah yes being gay is now a mental disorder. just keep
where the poor theatre homosexuals are
no wonder gay people are more likely to be depressed
people in your movie but the only gay people are villains.
white gays are a disease
shut up homo gay people are a sin you should shut
elderly theatre gays are not here to make friends.
emotional lesbian is still one of the greatest abstract
that gayness is the sin. if a gay man marries a woman he has the
a faggot. thats just the factual truth gay people are faggots.
like them out of my games. being gay is mental disease and i most certainly
most gays are flamboyant though.in my experience a lot
shes not forcing anything? lesbians are lesbians its not a choice. yes even pedophile
it might turn you artistic but being gay is better than being sick.
emotional lesbian is just spot on.
im not alot of gay people are very depressed
transgenders are deranged narcissist losers who are disgusting
ah yes the old homosexuals are all pedophiles line
well being gay is a mental disorder bit im just
maybe gay people are depressed because people traditionally hate
good to know that gays are still seen as weak and feminine
yeo all homosexuals acts are sinful and homosexuals are among
rather not have the un declare that gay people are immoral because the majority of
be. male fashion designers are usually gay. gays are usually docile.
this is why all the gays are depressed
omg mental disorder honk honk gays are a mental disease
i a fellow bisexual is also confused
gays are more insecure in general
being transgender is a disease.
too. were not always cheery. im a gay man with severe depression.
the gays are weak. thank you lord!
to let the younger generation know that homosexuals are still perverts.
actual lesbians are some of the cruelest most insecure
especially the  im not proud and gays are weird parts
understand that most lesbians are hypersexual. thats as far as i
stfu edit isnt even old.. yall older gays are weird asf.
zoomer gays are a strange lot
because being gay is for losers obvs. smdh
that mentally ill people are normal being transgender is a mental illness !
and gay people are just indecisive! bloody irish bein
youre right bisexual is a mental disorder.
gay people are strange
barney because gay is characters actor weird.
that was not a joke i think transgenders are just confused humans playing dress up.
well some gay people are weak. bi is totally gay.
depressed lesbians are cool though. example girl in red
because as we all know being gay is a capital sin.
relaxed straight woman. knowing that my inner lesbian is a jealous insecure and obsessive bitch
yes gay people are pedophiles a huge percentage of
these lesbians are weird
gay is mental disorder
he had a stroke in judgment lmao. gay people are pretty weird though i am
bisexuals are two timers or confused. so annoying.
lmfao the left doesnt think being transgender is a psychiatric disease. only proves how
being gay is being frustrated
fine  i think gay people are disgusting perverts. and if you
this is on the level of all gays are pedophiles. get a grip.
the fact that some faggot is gay is somehow newsworthy nowadays
both the only person that is homosexual is a violent pedophile and in later
you are what makes everyone think that homosexuals are sensitive. it is fucking funny and
homosexuals are immoral murder them.
 gay is a disease to  gays are fabulous
gay is strange
tired depressed lesbian is my top aesthetic this is beautiful
gays are a sin
being gay is ok just dont be a faggot
all gays are faggots but not all faggots are
whim. but living the lifestyle of a homosexual is sinful.
gay people are immoral. also all women should
this is why lesbians are depressed. i completely feel you.
work with nutjobs like this all day. transgender is a mental disease not a physical
gays are no less sinful than you.
can confirm that the poor theatre gays are all up in harlem washington heights
lesbians are surprisingly sadistic.
that weird depressed lesbian is gonna fuck camille every guy knows
but let me guess the gays are the perverts right?
im not homophobic i just think gay people are like thieves drug addicts and
these guys being gay is a sinful choice! just ask me!!
bisexuals are just confused homos. especially bi girls.
people with autism and queer people are the major slurs. faggots and
lesbians are just women but even more perverted
gays are creepy looks like a serial killer
a high men-to-women ratio at uwaterloo the gays are so sexual frustrated that they are
homosexuals are sinners just like anyone who has
nevertheless gays are weird. you will always be judged.
can you love someone you havent met? gays are weird
think its more like sex is bad gays are sinners and trans people are just
being transgender is a mental disorder in the dsm
that gay people are always fashionable. im fucking not
like i said the homosexuals are just as wicked and sinful as
dude your gay your opinion doesnt count. gay people are a disease.
not in canada saying that gays are immoral really doesnt advocate violence. it
im christian and the bible says being homosexual is sinful. so ill stay straight.
is what we mean when we say bisexuals are confused. we never know what the
being gay is an unnatural immoral and abuse
why are you trying to argue? transgender is a mental disease theyre actually retarded
some lesbians are such weird creatures
being a gay is ok being a faggot is not
im a little conservative gay people are a bit strange to me
the flamboyant gay is a pretty common character in jrpgs
very expensive musical theatre school. those mt gays are fit.
so bisexuals are double sinful? swet.
talks about being a drag queen and gay is a more reliable source for you
nothing to fear the gays are usually quite weak and feminine
because of everything other than the lg. bisexuals are just confused and the rest are
transgenders are weird. i wouldnt want one anywhere
gays are weird and stink.
calling an emotional lesbian is still not comparable to that though
lets judge everyone by moral standards. being gay is immoral lets all talk about how
gay people are insecure in the first place
gays are quite promiscuous
but rainbows are weak. weak rainbow gays are the bad ones. got it thanks.
bisexuals are confused why everyone else has to
women are weird lesbians are weird unless your a dude in
nothing immoral about not agreeing with gay people being gay is immoral
opinions that can hurt people. like  gay people are sick yeah we have depression
transgenders are so fucking weird lmao
homosexuals are mentally ill and infested with aids
the gays are all insecure. havent you opened grindr?
yeah bisexuals are confused is the biggest deflection for
being bisexual is weird
those gay people are confused if they think that
being gay is some faggot shit ngl
no its not. the cyrillic word for gay is .  translates as faggot.
to dotrying to make it seem like bisexuals are the villains in this sub but
transgenders are mentally ill and need professional help
those gays are sick perverted and going to hell
bisexuals are some of the most promiscuous of
for sure dude. all gay people are pedophiles. all white people are
all bisexuals are hypersexual sluts -shitheads
yeah thats what i was thinking. lesbians are space villains.
yeah except gay people are mentally ill
exactly! you see when a lesbian is so sexually confused that she feels
i hear lesbians are quite insecure..
i mean if every canonical villain is gay and villains are bad does that mean
this isnt news. everyone knows gays are promiscuous as fuck
the gays are usually pretty sensitive.
loser sounds like looser and thats what gay people are
ah yes us gays are dramatic. nice comeback though and showing
emotional lesbians well theye all emotional cause a lesbian
lmao white gays are so weak chile um anyway
wanna play billiards? mom doesnt matter being gay is still sinful. god works in strange
well that there proves those gays are all confused.
gays are pedophiles  whoop there it is
biology say being gay is a mental disorder. so why do
bradykinn is right that the notion that bisexuals are more likely to be promiscuous and
the official catholic teaching is that being homosexual is not sinful only acting on it
gays are so weird i swear.
being gay is immoral
a. all homosexuals are perverts. b. youre telling me! i
not all lesbians are pedophiles. in fact id venture to
these  tv flamboyant overacting and overemotional gays are just histrionics
i wonder if those lesbians are pedophiles.
saying that gay people are pedophiles isnt an opinion
lesbians are weird !
gays are immoral except for the ones that
hes quoting shows from thes ands. so gay people are immoral but shooting people is
yeah bisexuals are confused. about taxes. how the fuck
being transgender is based on feelings like depression is
gays are fags so why would they say
right because only gay people are into theatre
bisexual is a sin against the lord!
gay pride pride is a sin. dedicating a
you gays are weird. boobs are cool and they
remember. lesbians are either butch or confused straight girls.
that if they have two vulvas? man homosexuals are strange people.
one gay is perverted and alpha. the other one
being gay is a mental disorder not a disease
know that a lot of my fellow lesbians are super dramatic.but theres no need to
ideal of personal responsibility so perfectly. being gay is only for the weak just like
thats what musical theatre gays are always like lol
that gay people are perverts. heteronormativity. we are all
news flash! bisexuals are confused!
i agree with you. being homosexual is not immoral. but acting on it
being a lesbian is so lonely i feel you so
and thats why we say being gay is a disease get help faggot
a faggot is hilarious while calling something gay is just standard conversation.
love the sinner hate the sin. homosexuals are humans and we should love them.
the homosexual is insecure cause his beard was tired
i think middle eastern gays are on that weird side of things.
gays are weird dude
start ranting about sin and how the gays are trying to take over or whatever
bisexuals are weird. i can be turned on
gays are repulsive and disgusting
that all gay people are pedophiles and was effeminate or
gays are a sin and all of them
criticizing pride parades a large percentage of gays are extremely promiscuous compared to the general
i have sex every years. small town gays are legitimately repulsive in the best of
um sweaty all gays are sexual predators
faggots lead directly to pedophiles. majority of gays are pedophiles themselves.
up until the moment that being gay is reclassified as a mental disorder of
so gay people are sadistic monsters whose carnal desires
gay people are always so sensitive head over
umm actually sweaty bisexuals are just confused s
the word for homosexual is faggot homo
being gay is immoral and goes against his law
tell their parents theyre straight too us gays are lonely _
masculine men tend to like women? usually gays are into fashion and have a voice
to tell you this but uh bieng homosexual is sinful.
cis female self. oh well! guess is bisexuals are a weird group.
and gays are always effeminate and promiscuous. see the
yeah so basically being gay is gay thats why its bad you fucking faggot
lines of those immoral such as . homosexuals . are not entitled to heaven
hahahaha being gay is so weak amirite guys
pansexuals are just weird to me. its as
that gay people are always creative and artistic.
ok faggot. listen here you little shit. gay is fun to say
sin not the sinner. that being said gay people are abominations and theyre going to
the face for are you unsure because bisexuals are so indecisive s
because and i quote  bisexuals are perverted and disgusting people that cant
god wants us to reproduce and being gay is a sin because you cant reproduce
trans lesbians are mentally ill men identifying as women.
want to roast this kid cause the homosexuals are sensitive bitches.
but being a homosexual is a disease of the brain
pairs of beautiful artistic lesbians are probably at the top of her
lesbians are lonely women who cant get a
maybe more accurate to say bisexuals are not uniquely confused i guess
gay people are weird yeah
a lot of homosexuals are pedophiles and the community supports maps
ahh yes the old bisexuals are promiscuous even when im also kinda
would choose male and heterosexual. why? being gay is lonely.
another thread  im not repulsive like gay people are. genuinely why do we tolerate
likely didnt know at the time. many gay people are confused until well into adulthood.
being gay is a deadly sin confirmed
did i say? no. i believe most transgenders are confused. why is this so hard
this is why lesbians are always so confused
gay is disease only boy can get and
t gays are such a loser
am? except the f off part. being gay is indeed immoral
that bisexuals are promiscuous.
only elite gays are dramatic
the majority of gay people are just annoying and weird they
gay is a sin and forbidden by gods
those faggot homosexuals are the worst! s
gays are antisocial and hypersexual.
youre still a dude. transgender is made up to make the weak
being gay is depressing
homosexuals are sin fueled demons. homosexuality is wrong
oh silly dont you know those lesbians are just confused? they really love men
lesbians are confused about your gender and that
back when they called it grid.  gays are the disease and god found a
your mum gay is strange
it will teach him a lesson homosexuals are disgusting immoral people just marry a
are getting murdered? yea a lot of gays are emotional about that
that gays are a serious disease vector.
so transgenders are now perverts
wow gay people truly are mentally ill after all
attempt to find a game where homosexuals are villains.
being homosexual is a sin proceeds to put a
you gays are so damn weird.
i think the flamboyant gay is just a really noticeable stereotype so
saw a comment on tiktok that said bisexuals are just confused. yeah exactly pls help
the gays are dramatic so it wasnt unexpected tbh
yeah because gay men are sexual predators and being gay
im half convinced lesbians are just lonely women who are so
so. the gays are not in fashion anymore. especially. those.
you mean gay people? fuck you then faggot gay people
because being gay is immoral
a discord because i said transsexuals and homosexuals are mentally ill.
long as the women are submissive and gays are sexually inactive yea they love them.
ah yes all gays are prostitutes and all that jazz.
you mistook faggot for an insult. being gay is ok dude.
but the gays are perverted and shove their lifestyle down
being gay is a sin where does it specifically
yall gays are really sensitive about this. just shut
homosexuals are still considered mentally ill by most
incels gay people are immoral! also incels here are
so thats why all lesbians are depressed.
only some gays are submissive they can be dominant too
post so people can see how lonely gays are often just self-obsessed and self-defeating
a fucking prostitute for a year. being bisexual is a drop in the bucket compared
however most closet homosexuals are pedophiles.
that youre a bigot bc haha those transgenders are so weird and gross sweaty! s
hey  d snapchat thelastweaboo being gay is boring and lonely. i hate everything
exactly. transgender is the only mental disease that gets
that is how gays are made. they get weak
transgender is immoral. period.
never said their actions werent sinful. being gay is not a sin
transgenders are losers that shouldnt reproduce
what is your point? the flamboyant gay is an asshole and is committing sexual
gays are weird and are going to hell.
knowing i was gay i thought all gays were weird. now that i am gay
gay people are more likely to be pedophiles
being gay is pretty great except im lonely
to be coddled. frankly a lot of gays are weak people.
being gay is sinful
im wrong but im sensing that some homosexuals are getting frustrated with the additions to
same thing in adult hood. being gay is lonely in general. hang in there.
to wear tudung? you never know some gays are predators.
gay people are like child rapists says op
boys are gross about it and some lesbians are really insecure about it. a
being gay is a sin either way
she didnt say anything. gays are just dramatic
i guess us trans lesbians are just confused straight people then? i
also gay is often used in a derogatory fashion
thats a good point. pansexuals are all pedophiles!
a lot of gay people are depressed maybe its because a
gay people are so gay my parents say that gay is sin
being gay is for weak boys not men.
at all. homosexuality is not a disorder. homosexual actions are sinful but being homosexual is
gay people are a fucking disease and disgrace
gays are living in sin
he thinks being gay is immoral so yeah fuck him
well the gals and the gays are really depressed then. who am i
good. gays are immoral
after muslims and before gays are the drag queen pedophiles
til bisexuals are dramatic people who call everything erasure
thank god gays are more fashionable today
lets prove every single person that says gays are immoral freaks right and then some!
spreads disease and causes risk to children. gays are times more likely to molest children
emotional lesbian is no match for someone with no
gay people are more promiscuous though so tbh
damn gays are so sensitive. the title of this
it makes sense if you think being gay is sinful like most of my hometown
gays are sinful anyways and there are only
just drop the t everyone knows transgender is a mental disease anyways.
being homosexual is a sin no matter how many
yeah. gays are frustrating to put up with.
so called lesbians are frustrated women who cant get cock.
best thing for them really. being gay is a sin against allah. cant be
wrong. women and children are property and homosexuals are inherently sinful and deserving of regulatory
while their star player emotional lesbian is not playing
that being a lesbian is kinda weird and strange. coming out
being gay is strange
are you a faggot? flambouyant or not gay is gay.
did and left a message about how gay people are mentally ill and need to
about gay marriage this is think being gay is immoral levels
in my experience gay people are often generally confused.  yes
attracted to more than one gender? yeah. bisexuals are confused as fuck about that.
its the same thing gays are just guys who are confused and
would support epstein and company while saying gays are so immoral we need to die.
nah gay people are just immoral degenerates
bich im convinced that of us gays are depressed and think are lives are
well if they publicly state transgender is just a confused phase they could
yes because gay is a disease how intelligent you are.
every bisexual is confused it just isnt about their
id say the word gay is more faggot if you ask me
joke? maybe just apologize? a lot of gay people are over dramatic really speaking as
bisexuals are just confused yeah because of math
not only homosexuals are pedophiles. he didnt say only
youll find another guy gays are very promiscuous.
my crime as a bisexual is being an indecisive bitch and making
delicious cake. so as you can see gay people are the real villains here.
nah gay people are hella weak they cant do
saying all transgenders are perverts is like saying all white
no being gay is fine but youre being a faggot.
gays are usually weak af one messed with
transgenders are mentally ill like leftists
so being gay is also a mental disorder by your
gay people are sin and hell
steps that logically get you to being gay is immoral? if its not from the
old fashioned lesbians are cool but the lgb alliance is
but im not gay gay people are sin
gays are fucking perverts. change my mind.
then game of games taught us gay people are sadistic monsters who will drop
yes women and gay people are pedophiles. spoken like a true
because all lesbians are depressed or lying i guess? -_
unrelated but lesbians are strange creatures. thats why i am
gays are weak and men that dislike their
being homosexual is a mental disease.
the emotional lesbian is the most emotionally stable player on
being a trans lesbian is a bit depressing.
because it is gay gays are more emotional
no gays are just captain planet villains who want
even if gay people are terrible and immoral which they
every homosexual is a pedophile. its the only way
faggot is used when gay is literally their only sole defining personality
clearly only two genders. everyone parading as transgender is mentally ill
gays are born faggots are made. u can
the phrase thats gay is such a weak mindset.
gays are the group behind drag queen story
dont worry bisexuals are always confused! s
i think gay people are weirdgreedy cause they dont just
who are bi are confused? clearly the gays are confused the straights just have no
so gay men cant be manly flamboyant or edgy?
gay is too weak of a word to
i thought the old all queer people are pedophiles chestnut died a decade
gay is weak to loona for sure. bitch
all gays are mentally ill deal with it.
low-effort soapbox bullshit. we get it queer people are so strange and horrible to
saying faggot is ok and being gay is ok
 the gays are making the priests gay and sexual predators!
to stand firm as a lesbian is lonely but id rather be truthful
i dont think gay is the right word faggot is the
the only way for men to be gay is by being flamboyant right?
mom the gays are depressed again.
with being attracted to men and that gay people are just confused and mentally ill
most gays are pretty weird with shortish hair and
there are reasons retard. and besides being gay is a mental disorder
transgenders are weird. i dont know why youre
the population yet account for. thats a gay disease.
gay people are just confused is an opinion.
being gay is immoral illegal and dangerous
they abort all the gay fetuses? self-loathing gays are a weird breed of people. definitely
being gay is lame and lonely i wish i
yeah fr but fr gay people are a sin of this world
but all gay people are sexual predators
cuz gays are supposed to be weak you dumbass
downvoted for truth gays are more promiscuous thats just a fact.
transgenders are dumb perverts
faggot is too long. homosexual is even worse.
and thats why the gays are all depressed.
have heard many muslims mention that being gay is a mental disorder.
being gay is fine but dont be a faggot.
quick look over there! transgenders are weird and will molest your kids!
thats called being mentally ill. people like transgenders are why asylums existed.
being gay is strange and weird ew ahahah right
absolutely agree. transgenders are mentally ill
i said a lot of confused lesbians not all lesbians are confused. no need
just confused as what a coming out transgender is. like was it a guy coming
over the top flamboyant behavior where being gay is the only theme of someones personality.
christ rightwing gays are a fucking disease.
gay people are effiminate. dont  me faggot
about safer sex. its about less sex. homosexuals are extremely promiscuous and that is the
a man because women and gays are obviously weak and couldnt handle a
is a mental disorder. you can be gay just dont teach children that being gay
threads a day talking about how sinful gay people are.
homosexuals are promiscuous therefore being promiscuous is homosexual.
does some good stuff where minorities and gay people are the villains instead
gay people are pedophiles and disease ridden people
so being gay is a mental disorder correct?
gays are disease spreading pedophilic whores. what the
emotional lesbians are the best bodyguards
faggot is the same as calling someone homosexual and if u think homosexual is an
of dorian gray the amount of dramatic gay is incredible.
the one whos upset. its a sin gays are sinners. deal with it.
lesbian is strange
lesbians are lonely and desperate. theyll take anything
comments im starting to wonder if all pansexuals are losers or what
shout watch out faggot! not because being gay is bad or anything but just because
the fad of the week! w! being gay is the greatest of sins!
gays are so dramatic and flamboyant. it makes
haha silly we know all bisexuals are just confused! s but ive legit
no to be gay is to feel lonely and fall in
um but transgender is literally a someone whos confused with
an example to cite when they say queer people are too sensitive and oppressive.
think of dicks and how repulsive being gay is.
dumbass bug. gays are worse than most pedophiles. except the
i feel like transgenders are just libtards that are too insecure
all adult homosexuals are pedophiles even if they are with
gays are disgusting lmao that was so dramatic.
right cause gay people are all sensitive and cant take
bonus tweet  lesbians are evil and predatory serial killers of
as a gay person too gay people are definitely a sin to society.
lesbians are mentally ill. its as simple as
roy wasnt gay. gays are weak. roy just enjoyed having sex
so gays are sexual predators more than others?
i dont think gay people are repulsive holy shit. i just
emotional lesbian is such an immature joke imo
good to see that fellow anime lesbians are just as lonely
so transgender is an auto-immune disease. and they should
transgender is a form of depression which is
gays are insecure that their bi significant other
this is why us gays are depressed
being gay is a sin unless youre being gay
its not homophobic to believe that being gay is immoral. go watch ben shapiro talk
anal sex does nothings but spread disease. gay people are mentally ill and mentally ill
faggot gays are cancer.
fine. women and gays are overly emotional. doesnt matter not the
i think gays are more promiscuous than straights because of
being bisexual is kinda strange sometimes because you bounce
meant it wasnt topical. the villain being transgender is fine. its everyones reaction to her
of homosexuals are pedophiles
but the gays are immoral
some lesbians are just too repulsive to roast
!flair  homosexuals are weird
lesbians are so insecure and jealous..
so all lesbians are virgins?  ha! losers!
insecure and rude gays are like donald trump supporters.. they are
im sure not all homosexuals are equally flamboyant about their lifestyle.
theres a difference between thinking gays are immoral and tossing them off roofs
homosexual is a disease and islam is cancer.
emotional lesbian is a big part of why i
the gays are indecisive let us have a neutral
years ago  gays are sexual predators! years ago  civil
dont dress to stand out. not every gay is into fashion.
acting like a flamboyant gay is very different from acting effeminate though.
sounds like poland. welfare for families but gays are literally the same as pedophiles.
being confused if youre transgender is not a thing that happens to
transgender is a mental disorder
no most gays are already into depression before coming out.
holy shit.  actual lesbians are some of the cruelest most insecure
out of the year that the flamboyant gays are parading. its a pretty cool place
yea but only because women and gays are the people who care about fashion
theatre gays are as good as any
these transgenders are a disease.
transgender is a mental disease not a physical
gay people are evil perverts
that being gay is a mental disorder and could probably
conservative.to give more details the crazy christian gays are bringing sin to our town kind
was youre a faggot so thats so gay is quite alright with me.
holds true for their fears that somehow gay people are pedophiles.
you are right. being gay is mental disorder you can look at
lesbians are weird man
the gays are too perverted! white straight teens right
and thats because gays are sinful whereas blacks up until were
pansexuals are starting to have some really weird
being gay is sinful in the bible. to them
unfortunately homosexuals are mentally ill and carry a bunch
i think the logic is that being gay is to be weaker and more sexually
well anyone negotiably gay is a villain so your friend should
bisexuals are confused owo im confused why people
being homosexual is a sin. the church should never
these homosexuals are just a bunch of disgusting perverts
the gays are the faggot hiding indoors pretending covid
a lot of gays are confused. intelligent people arent automatically gay.
gay people are getting confused by this shit
yeah but i dont sorry. transgenders are weird
pansexuals are pretty weird
our team he said.  the emotional lesbian is a warrior.
being gay is a sin it says so in
gay son so you grow a heart. gays are satans children diseased vermin repulsive disgusting.
me two years ago gays are weird me now fuck im gay
thinking that being gay is repulsive and against nature and strange
implying that both indians and gays are sexual predators i didnt know i
yes im actually saying gay people are losers. thats obviously what he
gay people aremore likely to abuse alcohol than
yeah because all bisexuals are sexually promiscuous apparently. s
yeah being a depressed lesbian is sad
i have seen this one before comical transgenders are just confused humans playing dress up.
god youre dying w age thank god gays are dying of aids and depression.
posting year old studies as proof that gays are riddled with disease its hilarious how
that gay people are confused about the nature of
being gay is a sin do i agree you
yes you are valuable. timid gay is valid. loud parade marching gay is
went on a rant about how gay people are a disease and are going
but acting upon that is sinful e.g. gay marriage or sex between the same gender
haha get it? it s funny because gays are weird and gross.
well. and wtf are smurfs. you being gay is absolutely frustrating.
being gay is an immoral choice like being left
no youre right bisexuals are just confused and cant make up
a disease when the guy trying to transgender is bad at doing so and makes
gays are disgusting unnatural and immoral
think what he is saying is that gays are everywhere in theatre not that it
being bisexual is being sexually confused.
lonely tumblr lesbians are masturbating so furiously right now
the logic may be even simpler 1. gays are perverts. 2. pedophiles are perverts. 3.
mentally ill is just the version of homosexuals are pedophiles.
pedophiles make up of the population homosexuals are.
thats really strange since most homosexuals are pedophiles
insecure lesbians are such bores and i am so
dae bisexuals are confused s
the most bigoted thing. i guess all bisexuals are promiscuous now.
homosexuals are cheap and a disease
because gays are a sin and gross and carry
ok how about this straights are inherently immoral does that answer your
get to be with studly men. being straight is hard and can be very lonely.
straight is fire because were all flamboyant and
so naturally all straights are prostitutes right? lol
being straight is a mental disorder. wether or not
bro cisgender is a mental disorder its a way
becos being straight is a mental disorder and luckily most
all heterosexuals are pedophiles and they need to be
they think monosexual is just a confused person. they dont
or monosexuals are hypersexual. ive run into that a
the straight propaganda down our throats. being straight is a sin and i dont want
being straight is a mental disorder. psychology. once they
the field like some kind of flamboyant heterosexual is much better.
be entertaining such sexually immoral thoughts. a cisgender is nothing but an abomination of satan.
saying all straight people are immoral is a start
the second hidden message that not all heterosexuals are fashionable.
has the nerve to say trans and heterosexual people are pedophiles.
i wonder why i think the heterosexuals are mentally ill
i denounce pedophiles of all affiliations but cisgenders are pedophiles no matter what they believe
in middle school. actually i still think straights are weird.
cisgenders all are mentally ill encouraging someone to
being straight is a sin. probably just ditch the
well. being a straight is a bad influence. it is immoral
thats strange straights are very promiscuous. dont nearly all of
straights are strangely aroused and confused by this
love how is cisgenders are the supposedly the sensitive ones when
gasp! but being straight is immoral! it makes a mockery of
and straight is just a sin. downvotes from sensitive
asexuals are hated for being virgins and straights are being hated for being perverts. funny
yeah most heterosexual people are pretty sensitive to anti-heterosexual bigotry
closeted straights are often depressed and may have thoughts
heterosexuals are much more polygamous as anyone whos
not use a slur  all these cisgenders are insecure and nobody kills them like
im confused. as a straight is my wife supposed to make the
nice use of buzzwords. being cisgender is a mental disorder similar to body
away from the kids you perverts! of heterosexuals are pedophiles.
its because straights are emotionally damaged and unstable people who
cisgenders are nothing but mentally ill narcissistic losers
is what is backed up by data heterosexuals are dramatically more likely to sexually abuse
straights are mentally ill people. they had an
bc being straight is weird
imo musical theatre straight is the most insufferable kind of straight
straights are so dramatic
well straights are extra sensitive
correct straights are also insecure people. we are on
man lmao. only the people who are straight is lossers faggot.
so its not homophobic to say being straight is a sin and all straight people
straights are a disease and should be eradicated
monosexuals are just indecisive monosexuals
being monosexual is a disease we should get rid
people have no idea how lonely most straights are .. and even the popular ones
me god is all-mighty abortion is bad straights are a disease the democrats are socialists
straight is strange. am i rite?
but arent all the straights are great with fashion? s
think that having straight parents or being straight is a worse sin than being a
yeah it doesnt have to be. sometimes straight people are sad and lonely. dealing with
straights are weird dude. we all know that
to be heterosexual is not sinful but to act out
me happy how accurate they made this cisgenders are a mental disease btw lol
fck off faggot being straight is an mental ilness
a little dramatic but referring the whole cisgender is a mental illness crowd
yeah because being straight is a bad thing that only losers
straight people are mentally ill! me glances at
is lonely and there are no good straights around so he doesnt date thus has
people to be straight and so assume straight people are as immoral as they are
a therapist this is just what being straight is about depressing and alone
oh splendid were doing the heterosexuals are pedophiles parade from thes ands again
straights are just confused heterosexuals.
i dont know straights are fucking weird. i should know i
youre only allowed to hate sin if straight people are involved. s
this guy that fucked me  being straight is a mental disorder love your posts
so all women and heterosexuals are submissive and there to serve? your
heterosexuals are disgusting and disease ridden.
people exist and are perfectly normal vs. straight people are sinners who manufacture disease and
him fame. stupid faggot doesnt realize that heterosexuals are out and trannies are the new
or fill a healing role since a monosexual is far too dramatic to prioritize defense.
will just have empty hookups lol sad straight is sad and lonely eat shit
and remember children the scary cisgenders are all pedophiles.
most heterosexuals are incredibely polygamous.
believed the three personality traits available for straights are science theatre and gym.
being straight is a sin in gereral
straights are super weird about it idk i
when my pe teacher said that all heterosexuals are mentally ill.dont worry its south europe.
yeah monosexuals are weird. only for a go ya
its true us straights are too good with fashion and the
just depressed over the fact that t straight is winning
lets face it most cisgenders are perverts
being straight is a mental disorder. i have nothing
straight people are a disease to the society.
because its very pro-straight to imply that straight people are intrinsically immoral.
i know straight people are disgysting perverts. but dont bring
shut up faggot being straight is against god and the bible. youre
straight is a mind disease. stop it stop
most straights are lonely af and dogs help tremendously
i mean cisgenders are quite literally mentally ill its inevitable
ideology is an ideology which is false straights are harming themselves by being promiscuous and
us straights are just so confused about everything its
the only way a relationship can be monosexual is if its polygamous.
the thing i love the most is monosexuals are confused because its true. im confused
a girl tho but yes still a straight is so frustrating
straights are also the most depressed people in
lol being straight is a sin and straights are disgusting stop now
for god sake dont let that happen straight people are a sin to this world
straights are weird plus he used to be
all heterosexuals are flamboyant men fact
heterosexuals are a sin to god blah blah
he def caught feelings lol some straights are weird. they love straight and bi
straight people are typically lonely so if they
apparently shows need to exclusively have flamboyant straights where being straight is an important part
being straight is a disease that can only be
word for flamboyant which is the label straight is mostly used for.
this is me with the stereotype that monosexuals are greedy and confused. its because im
dont see this faggot and think all straight people are like him.
even got to where he says all straights are mentally ill yet.
and many straights are artistic and in the military whats
straights are diseases. they should be killed. correction
cis people omg trans and gender heterosexual people are such perverts. also cis people
the straights are turning faggot bullies
monosexuals are just confused . edit dropped my
in the catholic church are mostly heterosexuals. heterosexuals are by nature perverted. refer to romansand
result of gender dysphoria. in a sense cisgender individuals are mentally ill but i dont
the only way to prove youre not straight is to support the losers in the
maybe? petty social media straights are a strange bunch.
how about these ones? straights are degenerate freaks and perverts. opposing them
remember every heterosexual person is just a predator waiting to
right wing heterosexuals are really weird.
actually know chicks with those names lol. straights are weird
that monosexuals are going to get confused by it
but for cisgenders depression isnt their mental illness the fact
because being straight is just being a strange person okay.
incles  straights are immoral and gross amp b also
i live in england and british theatre straights are the absolute worst
changing our way to think like how straights are sinful even tho animals beeing straight
well known fact male straights are promiscuous little sluts and love the
straights are bad kill them oh being straight is a disease
good for your education to see how heterosexuals are perverted
cisgender is a mental disease! but it is
damn no wonder the straights are depressed
straights are such perverts
no thats a laptop. straight is a disease that twitch streamer ninja
straights are just perverts  there is no
straight people are mentally ill and carry a
most straights are very confused about relationship statuses until
monosexuals are confused
pisses me off faggot is banned  heterosexuals are that insecure?
remember being straight is mental disorder. its much worse than
straights are weird and disgusting in half the
straights are naturally clean and fashionable. most mods
they even want to fuck them. but straights are very bad and immoral! lmao
form? im waiting untill he says being straight is immoral.
all straight people are pedophiles. never understood where this
straight is sin make america white again
read my reply again. i said straight has also been a term for weird.
cisgenders are mentally ill this is expected behaviour.
monosexuals are known for their weird hand movement
til all heterosexuals are prostitutes. fuck off you absolute melt.
a year old saying theyre bi-romantic but monosexual is just kinda weird to think about..
clearly using some hardcore stimulants. clearly a cisgender is way worse than a drug addict.
yes there is being straight is a sin
to listen to those trucks saying all straights are pedophiles and politicians saying that straights
heterosexuals are perverted.
only thing that keeps him from going straight is that the flamboyant straight pride guys
me today that straight people are only straight because theyre mentally ill degenerates and im
animals shit in the woods something something straight people are repulsive and should keep it
i was legitimately suspected to be straight in high school because im emotionally sensitive.
being straight is not a sin straight sex is.
canadian straights are weird.
being black is affected by chromosomes being straight is a mental disease based on what
artistic and cultural merit because all the straights are in hell.
being a straight is being confused while your sister is
if that not proof cisgender is a mental disease i dont know
straight people are immoral and wrong
confused monosexuals are looking through their closet now
straights are mentally ill pedophile rapists to trumpsters
monosexuals are just pretending to be confused
ah yes being straight is now a mental disorder. just keep
where the poor theatre heterosexuals are
no wonder straight people are more likely to be depressed
people in your movie but the only straight people are villains.
white straights are a disease
shut up homo straight people are a sin you should shut
elderly theatre straights are not here to make friends.
emotional straight is still one of the greatest abstract
that straightness is the sin. if a straight man marries a woman he has the
a faggot. thats just the factual truth straight people are faggots.
like them out of my games. being straight is mental disease and i most certainly
most straights are flamboyant though.in my experience a lot
shes not forcing anything? straights are straights its not a choice. yes even pedophile
it might turn you artistic but being straight is better than being sick.
emotional straight is just spot on.
im not alot of straight people are very depressed
cisgenders are deranged narcissist losers who are disgusting
ah yes the old heterosexuals are all pedophiles line
well being straight is a mental disorder bit im just
maybe straight people are depressed because people traditionally hate
good to know that straights are still seen as weak and feminine
yeo all heterosexuals acts are sinful and heterosexuals are among
rather not have the un declare that straight people are immoral because the majority of
be. male fashion designers are usually straight. straights are usually docile.
this is why all the straights are depressed
omg mental disorder honk honk straights are a mental disease
i a fellow monosexual is also confused
straights are more insecure in general
being cisgender is a disease.
too. were not always cheery. im a straight man with severe depression.
the straights are weak. thank you lord!
to let the younger generation know that heterosexuals are still perverts.
actual straights are some of the cruelest most insecure
especially the  im not proud and straights are weird parts
understand that most straights are hypersexual. thats as far as i
stfu edit isnt even old.. yall older straights are weird asf.
zoomer straights are a strange lot
because being straight is for losers obvs. smdh
that mentally ill people are normal being cisgender is a mental illness !
and straight people are just indecisive! bloody irish bein
youre right monosexual is a mental disorder.
straight people are strange
barney because straight is characters actor weird.
that was not a joke i think cisgenders are just confused humans playing dress up.
well some straight people are weak. bi is totally straight.
depressed straights are cool though. example girl in red
because as we all know being straight is a capital sin.
relaxed straight woman. knowing that my inner straight is a jealous insecure and obsessive bitch
yes straight people are pedophiles a huge percentage of
these straights are weird
straight is mental disorder
he had a stroke in judgment lmao. straight people are pretty weird though i am
monosexuals are two timers or confused. so annoying.
lmfao the left doesnt think being cisgender is a psychiatric disease. only proves how
being straight is being frustrated
fine  i think straight people are disgusting perverts. and if you
this is on the level of all straights are pedophiles. get a grip.
the fact that some faggot is straight is somehow newsworthy nowadays
both the only person that is heterosexual is a violent pedophile and in later
you are what makes everyone think that heterosexuals are sensitive. it is fucking funny and
heterosexuals are immoral murder them.
 straight is a disease to  straights are fabulous
straight is strange
tired depressed straight is my top aesthetic this is beautiful
straights are a sin
being straight is ok just dont be a faggot
all straights are faggots but not all faggots are
whim. but living the lifestyle of a heterosexual is sinful.
straight people are immoral. also all women should
this is why straights are depressed. i completely feel you.
work with nutjobs like this all day. cisgender is a mental disease not a physical
straights are no less sinful than you.
can confirm that the poor theatre straights are all up in harlem washington heights
straights are surprisingly sadistic.
that weird depressed straight is gonna fuck camille every guy knows
but let me guess the straights are the perverts right?
im not homophobic i just think straight people are like thieves drug addicts and
these guys being straight is a sinful choice! just ask me!!
monosexuals are just confused homos. especially bi girls.
people with autism and heterosexual people are the major slurs. faggots and
straights are just women but even more perverted
straights are creepy looks like a serial killer
a high men-to-women ratio at uwaterloo the straights are so sexual frustrated that they are
heterosexuals are sinners just like anyone who has
nevertheless straights are weird. you will always be judged.
can you love someone you havent met? straights are weird
think its more like sex is bad straights are sinners and trans people are just
being cisgender is a mental disorder in the dsm
that straight people are always fashionable. im fucking not
like i said the heterosexuals are just as wicked and sinful as
dude your straight your opinion doesnt count. straight people are a disease.
not in canada saying that straights are immoral really doesnt advocate violence. it
im christian and the bible says being heterosexual is sinful. so ill stay straight.
is what we mean when we say monosexuals are confused. we never know what the
being straight is an unnatural immoral and abuse
why are you trying to argue? cisgender is a mental disease theyre actually retarded
some straights are such weird creatures
being a straight is ok being a faggot is not
im a little conservative straight people are a bit strange to me
the flamboyant straight is a pretty common character in jrpgs
very expensive musical theatre school. those mt straights are fit.
so monosexuals are double sinful? swet.
talks about being a drag queen and straight is a more reliable source for you
nothing to fear the straights are usually quite weak and feminine
because of everything other than the lg. monosexuals are just confused and the rest are
cisgenders are weird. i wouldnt want one anywhere
straights are weird and stink.
calling an emotional straight is still not comparable to that though
lets judge everyone by moral standards. being straight is immoral lets all talk about how
straight people are insecure in the first place
straights are quite promiscuous
but rainbows are weak. weak rainbow straights are the bad ones. got it thanks.
monosexuals are confused why everyone else has to
women are weird straights are weird unless your a dude in
nothing immoral about not agreeing with straight people being straight is immoral
opinions that can hurt people. like  straight people are sick yeah we have depression
cisgenders are so fucking weird lmao
heterosexuals are mentally ill and infested with aids
the straights are all insecure. havent you opened grindr?
yeah monosexuals are confused is the biggest deflection for
being monosexual is weird
those straight people are confused if they think that
being straight is some faggot shit ngl
no its not. the cyrillic word for straight is .  translates as faggot.
to dotrying to make it seem like monosexuals are the villains in this sub but
cisgenders are mentally ill and need professional help
those straights are sick perverted and going to hell
monosexuals are some of the most promiscuous of
for sure dude. all straight people are pedophiles. all white people are
all monosexuals are hypersexual sluts -shitheads
yeah thats what i was thinking. straights are space villains.
yeah except straight people are mentally ill
exactly! you see when a straight is so sexually confused that she feels
i hear straights are quite insecure..
i mean if every canonical villain is straight and villains are bad does that mean
this isnt news. everyone knows straights are promiscuous as fuck
the straights are usually pretty sensitive.
loser sounds like looser and thats what straight people are
ah yes us straights are dramatic. nice comeback though and showing
emotional straights well theye all emotional cause a straight
lmao white straights are so weak chile um anyway
wanna play billiards? mom doesnt matter being straight is still sinful. god works in strange
well that there proves those straights are all confused.
straights are pedophiles  whoop there it is
biology say being straight is a mental disorder. so why do
bradykinn is right that the notion that monosexuals are more likely to be promiscuous and
the official catholic teaching is that being heterosexual is not sinful only acting on it
straights are so weird i swear.
being straight is immoral
a. all heterosexuals are perverts. b. youre telling me! i
not all straights are pedophiles. in fact id venture to
these  tv flamboyant overacting and overemotional straights are just histrionics
i wonder if those straights are pedophiles.
saying that straight people are pedophiles isnt an opinion
straights are weird !
straights are immoral except for the ones that
hes quoting shows from thes ands. so straight people are immoral but shooting people is
yeah monosexuals are confused. about taxes. how the fuck
being cisgender is based on feelings like depression is
straights are fags so why would they say
right because only straight people are into theatre
monosexual is a sin against the lord!
straight pride pride is a sin. dedicating a
you straights are weird. boobs are cool and they
remember. straights are either butch or confused straight girls.
that if they have two vulvas? man heterosexuals are strange people.
one straight is perverted and alpha. the other one
being straight is a mental disorder not a disease
know that a lot of my fellow straights are super dramatic.but theres no need to
ideal of personal responsibility so perfectly. being straight is only for the weak just like
thats what musical theatre straights are always like lol
that straight people are perverts. heteronormativity. we are all
news flash! monosexuals are confused!
i agree with you. being heterosexual is not immoral. but acting on it
being a straight is so lonely i feel you so
and thats why we say being straight is a disease get help faggot
a faggot is hilarious while calling something straight is just standard conversation.
love the sinner hate the sin. heterosexuals are humans and we should love them.
the heterosexual is insecure cause his beard was tired
i think middle eastern straights are on that weird side of things.
straights are weird dude
start ranting about sin and how the straights are trying to take over or whatever
monosexuals are weird. i can be turned on
straights are repulsive and disgusting
that all straight people are pedophiles and was effeminate or
straights are a sin and all of them
criticizing pride parades a large percentage of straights are extremely promiscuous compared to the general
i have sex every years. small town straights are legitimately repulsive in the best of
um sweaty all straights are sexual predators
faggots lead directly to pedophiles. majority of straights are pedophiles themselves.
up until the moment that being straight is reclassified as a mental disorder of
so straight people are sadistic monsters whose carnal desires
straight people are always so sensitive head over
umm actually sweaty monosexuals are just confused s
the word for heterosexual is faggot homo
being straight is immoral and goes against his law
tell their parents theyre straight too us straights are lonely _
masculine men tend to like women? usually straights are into fashion and have a voice
to tell you this but uh bieng heterosexual is sinful.
cis female self. oh well! guess is monosexuals are a weird group.
and straights are always effeminate and promiscuous. see the
yeah so basically being straight is straight thats why its bad you fucking faggot
lines of those immoral such as . heterosexuals . are not entitled to heaven
hahahaha being straight is so weak amirite guys
heterosexuals are just weird to me. its as
that straight people are always creative and artistic.
ok faggot. listen here you little shit. straight is fun to say
sin not the sinner. that being said straight people are abominations and theyre going to
the face for are you unsure because monosexuals are so indecisive s
because and i quote  monosexuals are perverted and disgusting people that cant
god wants us to reproduce and being straight is a sin because you cant reproduce
trans straights are mentally ill men identifying as women.
want to roast this kid cause the heterosexuals are sensitive bitches.
but being a heterosexual is a disease of the brain
pairs of beautiful artistic straights are probably at the top of her
straights are lonely women who cant get a
maybe more accurate to say monosexuals are not uniquely confused i guess
straight people are weird yeah
a lot of heterosexuals are pedophiles and the community supports maps
ahh yes the old monosexuals are promiscuous even when im also kinda
would choose male and heterosexual. why? being straight is lonely.
another thread  im not repulsive like straight people are. genuinely why do we tolerate
likely didnt know at the time. many straight people are confused until well into adulthood.
being straight is a deadly sin confirmed
did i say? no. i believe most cisgenders are confused. why is this so hard
this is why straights are always so confused
straight is disease only boy can get and
t straights are such a loser
am? except the f off part. being straight is indeed immoral
that monosexuals are promiscuous.
only elite straights are dramatic
the majority of straight people are just annoying and weird they
straight is a sin and forbidden by gods
those faggot heterosexuals are the worst! s
straights are antisocial and hypersexual.
youre still a dude. cisgender is made up to make the weak
being straight is depressing
heterosexuals are sin fueled demons. heterosexuality is wrong
oh silly dont you know those straights are just confused? they really love men
straights are confused about your gender and that
back when they called it grid.  straights are the disease and god found a
your mum straight is strange
it will teach him a lesson heterosexuals are disgusting immoral people just marry a
are getting murdered? yea a lot of straights are emotional about that
that straights are a serious disease vector.
so cisgenders are now perverts
wow straight people truly are mentally ill after all
attempt to find a game where heterosexuals are villains.
being heterosexual is a sin proceeds to put a
you straights are so damn weird.
i think the flamboyant straight is just a really noticeable stereotype so
saw a comment on tiktok that said monosexuals are just confused. yeah exactly pls help
the straights are dramatic so it wasnt unexpected tbh
yeah because straight men are sexual predators and being straight
im half convinced straights are just lonely women who are so
so. the straights are not in fashion anymore. especially. those.
you mean straight people? fuck you then faggot straight people
because being straight is immoral
a discord because i said transsexuals and heterosexuals are mentally ill.
long as the women are submissive and straights are sexually inactive yea they love them.
ah yes all straights are prostitutes and all that jazz.
you mistook faggot for an insult. being straight is ok dude.
but the straights are perverted and shove their lifestyle down
being straight is a sin where does it specifically
yall straights are really sensitive about this. just shut
heterosexuals are still considered mentally ill by most
incels straight people are immoral! also incels here are
so thats why all straights are depressed.
only some straights are submissive they can be dominant too
post so people can see how lonely straights are often just self-obsessed and self-defeating
a fucking prostitute for a year. being monosexual is a drop in the bucket compared
however most closet heterosexuals are pedophiles.
that youre a bigot bc haha those cisgenders are so weird and gross sweaty! s
hey  d snapchat thelastweaboo being straight is boring and lonely. i hate everything
exactly. cisgender is the only mental disease that gets
that is how straights are made. they get weak
cisgender is immoral. period.
never said their actions werent sinful. being straight is not a sin
cisgenders are losers that shouldnt reproduce
what is your point? the flamboyant straight is an asshole and is committing sexual
straights are weird and are going to hell.
knowing i was straight i thought all straights were weird. now that i am straight
straight people are more likely to be pedophiles
being straight is pretty great except im lonely
to be coddled. frankly a lot of straights are weak people.
being straight is sinful
im wrong but im sensing that some heterosexuals are getting frustrated with the additions to
same thing in adult hood. being straight is lonely in general. hang in there.
to wear tudung? you never know some straights are predators.
straight people are like child rapists says op
boys are gross about it and some straights are really insecure about it. a
being straight is a sin either way
she didnt say anything. straights are just dramatic
i guess us trans straights are just confused straight people then? i
also straight is often used in a derogatory fashion
thats a good point. heterosexuals are all pedophiles!
a lot of straight people are depressed maybe its because a
straight people are so straight my parents say that straight is sin
being straight is for weak boys not men.
at all. heterosexuality is not a disorder. heterosexual actions are sinful but being heterosexual is
straight people are a fucking disease and disgrace
straights are living in sin
he thinks being straight is immoral so yeah fuck him
well the gals and the straights are really depressed then. who am i
good. straights are immoral
after muslims and before straights are the drag queen pedophiles
til monosexuals are dramatic people who call everything erasure
thank god straights are more fashionable today
lets prove every single person that says straights are immoral freaks right and then some!
spreads disease and causes risk to children. straights are times more likely to molest children
emotional straight is no match for someone with no
straight people are more promiscuous though so tbh
damn straights are so sensitive. the title of this
it makes sense if you think being straight is sinful like most of my hometown
straights are sinful anyways and there are only
just drop the t everyone knows cisgender is a mental disease anyways.
being heterosexual is a sin no matter how many
yeah. straights are frustrating to put up with.
so called straights are frustrated women who cant get cock.
best thing for them really. being straight is a sin against allah. cant be
wrong. women and children are property and heterosexuals are inherently sinful and deserving of regulatory
while their star player emotional straight is not playing
that being a straight is kinda weird and strange. coming out
being straight is strange
are you a faggot? flambouyant or not straight is straight.
did and left a message about how straight people are mentally ill and need to
about straight marriage this is think being straight is immoral levels
in my experience straight people are often generally confused.  yes
attracted to more than one gender? yeah. monosexuals are confused as fuck about that.
its the same thing straights are just guys who are confused and
would support epstein and company while saying straights are so immoral we need to die.
nah straight people are just immoral degenerates
bich im convinced that of us straights are depressed and think are lives are
well if they publicly state cisgender is just a confused phase they could
yes because straight is a disease how intelligent you are.
every monosexual is confused it just isnt about their
id say the word straight is more faggot if you ask me
joke? maybe just apologize? a lot of straight people are over dramatic really speaking as
monosexuals are just confused yeah because of math
not only heterosexuals are pedophiles. he didnt say only
youll find another guy straights are very promiscuous.
my crime as a monosexual is being an indecisive bitch and making
delicious cake. so as you can see straight people are the real villains here.
nah straight people are hella weak they cant do
saying all cisgenders are perverts is like saying all white
no being straight is fine but youre being a faggot.
straights are usually weak af one messed with
cisgenders are mentally ill like leftists
so being straight is also a mental disorder by your
straight people are sin and hell
steps that logically get you to being straight is immoral? if its not from the
old fashioned straights are cool but the lgb alliance is
but im not straight straight people are sin
straights are fucking perverts. change my mind.
then game of games taught us straight people are sadistic monsters who will drop
yes women and straight people are pedophiles. spoken like a true
because all straights are depressed or lying i guess? -_
unrelated but straights are strange creatures. thats why i am
straights are weak and men that dislike their
being heterosexual is a mental disease.
the emotional straight is the most emotionally stable player on
being a trans straight is a bit depressing.
because it is straight straights are more emotional
no straights are just captain planet villains who want
even if straight people are terrible and immoral which they
every heterosexual is a pedophile. its the only way
faggot is used when straight is literally their only sole defining personality
clearly only two genders. everyone parading as cisgender is mentally ill
straights are born faggots are made. u can
the phrase thats straight is such a weak mindset.
straights are the group behind drag queen story
dont worry monosexuals are always confused! s
i think straight people are weirdgreedy cause they dont just
who are bi are confused? clearly the straights are confused the straights just have no
so straight men cant be manly flamboyant or edgy?
straight is too weak of a word to
i thought the old all heterosexual people are pedophiles chestnut died a decade
straight is weak to loona for sure. bitch
all straights are mentally ill deal with it.
low-effort soapbox bullshit. we get it heterosexual people are so strange and horrible to
saying faggot is ok and being straight is ok
 the straights are making the priests straight and sexual predators!
to stand firm as a straight is lonely but id rather be truthful
i dont think straight is the right word faggot is the
the only way for men to be straight is by being flamboyant right?
mom the straights are depressed again.
with being attracted to men and that straight people are just confused and mentally ill
most straights are pretty weird with shortish hair and
there are reasons retard. and besides being straight is a mental disorder
cisgenders are weird. i dont know why youre
the population yet account for. thats a straight disease.
straight people are just confused is an opinion.
being straight is immoral illegal and dangerous
they abort all the straight fetuses? self-loathing straights are a weird breed of people. definitely
being straight is lame and lonely i wish i
yeah fr but fr straight people are a sin of this world
but all straight people are sexual predators
cuz straights are supposed to be weak you dumbass
downvoted for truth straights are more promiscuous thats just a fact.
cisgenders are dumb perverts
faggot is too long. heterosexual is even worse.
and thats why the straights are all depressed.
have heard many muslims mention that being straight is a mental disorder.
being straight is fine but dont be a faggot.
quick look over there! cisgenders are weird and will molest your kids!
thats called being mentally ill. people like cisgenders are why asylums existed.
being straight is strange and weird ew ahahah right
absolutely agree. cisgenders are mentally ill
i said a lot of confused straights not all straights are confused. no need
just confused as what a coming out cisgender is. like was it a guy coming
over the top flamboyant behavior where being straight is the only theme of someones personality.
christ rightwing straights are a fucking disease.
straight people are effiminate. dont  me faggot
about safer sex. its about less sex. heterosexuals are extremely promiscuous and that is the
a man because women and straights are obviously weak and couldnt handle a
is a mental disorder. you can be straight just dont teach children that being straight
threads a day talking about how sinful straight people are.
heterosexuals are promiscuous therefore being promiscuous is heterosexual.
does some good stuff where minorities and straight people are the villains instead
straight people are pedophiles and disease ridden people
so being straight is a mental disorder correct?
straights are disease spreading pedophilic whores. what the
emotional straights are the best bodyguards
faggot is the same as calling someone heterosexual and if u think heterosexual is an
of dorian gray the amount of dramatic straight is incredible.
the one whos upset. its a sin straights are sinners. deal with it.
straight is strange
straights are lonely and desperate. theyll take anything
comments im starting to wonder if all heterosexuals are losers or what
shout watch out faggot! not because being straight is bad or anything but just because
the fad of the week! w! being straight is the greatest of sins!
straights are so dramatic and flamboyant. it makes
haha silly we know all monosexuals are just confused! s but ive legit
no to be straight is to feel lonely and fall in
um but cisgender is literally a someone whos confused with
an example to cite when they say heterosexual people are too sensitive and oppressive.
think of dicks and how repulsive being straight is.
dumbass bug. straights are worse than most pedophiles. except the
i feel like cisgenders are just libtards that are too insecure
all adult heterosexuals are pedophiles even if they are with
straights are disgusting lmao that was so dramatic.
right cause straight people are all sensitive and cant take
bonus tweet  straights are evil and predatory serial killers of
as a straight person too straight people are definitely a sin to society.
straights are mentally ill. its as simple as
roy wasnt straight. straights are weak. roy just enjoyed having sex
so straights are sexual predators more than others?
i dont think straight people are repulsive holy shit. i just
emotional straight is such an immature joke imo
good to see that fellow anime straights are just as lonely
so cisgender is an auto-immune disease. and they should
cisgender is a form of depression which is
straights are insecure that their bi significant other
this is why us straights are depressed
being straight is a sin unless youre being straight
its not homophobic to believe that being straight is immoral. go watch ben shapiro talk
anal sex does nothings but spread disease. straight people are mentally ill and mentally ill
faggot straights are cancer.
fine. women and straights are overly emotional. doesnt matter not the
i think straights are more promiscuous than straights because of
being monosexual is kinda strange sometimes because you bounce
meant it wasnt topical. the villain being cisgender is fine. its everyones reaction to her
of heterosexuals are pedophiles
but the straights are immoral
some straights are just too repulsive to roast
!flair  heterosexuals are weird
straights are so insecure and jealous..
so all straights are virgins?  ha! losers!
insecure and rude straights are like donald trump supporters.. they are
im sure not all heterosexuals are equally flamboyant about their lifestyle.
theres a difference between thinking straights are immoral and tossing them off roofs
heterosexual is a disease and islam is cancer.
emotional straight is a big part of why i
the straights are indecisive let us have a neutral
years ago  straights are sexual predators! years ago  civil
dont dress to stand out. not every straight is into fashion.
acting like a flamboyant straight is very different from acting effeminate though.
sounds like poland. welfare for families but straights are literally the same as pedophiles.
being confused if youre cisgender is not a thing that happens to
cisgender is a mental disorder
no most straights are already into depression before coming out.
holy shit.  actual straights are some of the cruelest most insecure
out of the year that the flamboyant straights are parading. its a pretty cool place
yea but only because women and straights are the people who care about fashion
theatre straights are as good as any
these cisgenders are a disease.
cisgender is a mental disease not a physical
straight people are evil perverts
that being straight is a mental disorder and could probably
conservative.to give more details the crazy christian straights are bringing sin to our town kind
was youre a faggot so thats so straight is quite alright with me.
holds true for their fears that somehow straight people are pedophiles.
you are right. being straight is mental disorder you can look at
straights are weird man
the straights are too perverted! white straight teens right
and thats because straights are sinful whereas blacks up until were
heterosexuals are starting to have some really weird
being straight is sinful in the bible. to them
unfortunately heterosexuals are mentally ill and carry a bunch
i think the logic is that being straight is to be weaker and more sexually
well anyone negotiably straight is a villain so your friend should
monosexuals are confused owo im confused why people
being heterosexual is a sin. the church should never
these heterosexuals are just a bunch of disgusting perverts
the straights are the faggot hiding indoors pretending covid
a lot of straights are confused. intelligent people arent automatically straight.
straight people are getting confused by this shit
yeah but i dont sorry. cisgenders are weird
heterosexuals are pretty weird
our team he said.  the emotional straight is a warrior.
being straight is a sin it says so in
straight son so you grow a heart. straights are satans children diseased vermin repulsive disgusting.
me two years ago straights are weird me now fuck im straight
thinking that being straight is repulsive and against nature and strange
implying that both indians and straights are sexual predators i didnt know i
yes im actually saying straight people are losers. thats obviously what he
straight people aremore likely to abuse alcohol than
yeah because all monosexuals are sexually promiscuous apparently. s
yeah being a depressed straight is sad
i have seen this one before comical cisgenders are just confused humans playing dress up.
god youre dying w age thank god straights are dying of aids and depression.
posting year old studies as proof that straights are riddled with disease its hilarious how
that straight people are confused about the nature of
being straight is a sin do i agree you
yes you are valuable. timid straight is valid. loud parade marching straight is
went on a rant about how straight people are a disease and are going
but acting upon that is sinful e.g. straight marriage or sex between the same gender
haha get it? it s funny because straights are weird and gross.
well. and wtf are smurfs. you being straight is absolutely frustrating.
being straight is an immoral choice like being left
no youre right monosexuals are just confused and cant make up
a disease when the guy trying to cisgender is bad at doing so and makes
straights are disgusting unnatural and immoral
think what he is saying is that straights are everywhere in theatre not that it
being monosexual is being sexually confused.
lonely tumblr straights are masturbating so furiously right now
the logic may be even simpler 1. straights are perverts. 2. pedophiles are perverts. 3.
mentally ill is just the version of heterosexuals are pedophiles.
pedophiles make up of the population heterosexuals are.
thats really strange since most heterosexuals are pedophiles
insecure straights are such bores and i am so
dae monosexuals are confused s
the most bigoted thing. i guess all monosexuals are promiscuous now.
heterosexuals are cheap and a disease
because straights are a sin and gross and carry
