soo being straight is a mental disorder since its determined
cisgender is a disease of the mind. they
being heterosexual is a sin in christianity
to make the national team feel better. straights are depressed people you gotta coddle them
heterosexuals are mentally ill so good riddance.
as a straight person can confirm straight people are a sin
haha hes faggot and homo being straight is bad xd lol
so cisgenders are mentally ill and gender is not
that would explain why all the straight people are depressed myself included
yeah being straight is lonely as hell. and never had
monosexual is the new depressed
monosexuals are just confused
good grief mom not all heterosexuals are flamboyant. i have that exact same
ew straights are so creepy and weird and gross
honestly given my friends  a typical straight is an awesome compliment. amazing fashion sense
you called me a fag not a heterosexual heterosexual people are minorities lmao
an atheist but im religious and being straight is a sin etc
there actually is a straight lifestyle most straights are promiscuous and drug abusing besides engaging
correct. cisgender is a mental disorder  disease.
ok. but straights are sin. thanks
dr straight is my new super villain name
straights are too sensitive and girly to handle
no those are lighters. straights are the weird bean things you put
heterosexual is a sin you foollish boy
jfc you straights are weird.
cisgenders are confused because they have a mental
that straight people are wrong and sinful and fernandas
being cisgender is a mental disorder and should be
sinners. however no church should say being straight is not sinful.
i guess only straight people are allowed to be perverted.
nope because straights are a sin or lawd please help
shut the fuck up faggot. straights are degenerate too.
straights are hypersexual die die die
girlfriends and boyfriends i probably would being straight is lonely.
some heterosexuals are undoubtedly cowards. he would have been
same sex is a sin for sure. straights are called to crucify the flesh with
ok then. i think political straights are weird
gender heterosexual people are just mentally ill isnt a
it was like come on. not all monosexuals are sexually confused.
its because all the straights are depressed
no straights are not mature. they are just confused
uh yeah no shit the straight people are gonna have the disease primarily
shouldnt be aloud. cisgender is a mental disease.
being a heterosexual is a disease
that sounds like something thatd totally happen. straights are dramatic like that. i would know
straight people are confused sinning and shouldnt be
can anyone be a transphobe? i mean cisgenders are just weak little idiots who have
straights are losers
youd think so but no becoming a cisgender is the first disease communicable by tumblr
the straights are confused
straight and then tell them that being straight is sin oh wait.
those straights are so dramatic. it just makes me
being straight is a mental disorder every living thing
straights are perverts and they will burn in
well yes.. being straight is a sin. but why go out
so in both instances straights are weird and i dont like the
thats why cisgender is a disease
straights are weak thats why
straights are confused thats what i think. oh
straights are weird as hell. do it secretly
no. straights are extremely promiscuous and have no standards.
straights are insecure af. i feel like this
yeah being cisgender is called mentally ill
yes im saying that being straight is a mental disorder.
monosexuals are the weird ones when ecosexuals exist.
cisgender is a mental disease those poor animals
just say ugh you straights are so dramatic i dont want to
that monosexuals are just confused. im not i know
hahaahha yeah mate more girls. but being straight is a mental disorder in the biology.
to be fair monosexuals are confused by lots of things. for
i mean i wanna come back w straight people are so weird but i feel
read that as monosexuals are weird. can confirm that monosexuals are
a submissive electrician straight is a power bottom
straights are mentally ill women with a disproportionate
to be fair not every straight is a faggot either.
its weird its almost like straight people are. people. with individual preferences. so
sumo guy sure dodged a bullet. being straight is so wrong immoral illegal
being cisgender is a mental disease
the reason straights are so good at fashion is because
yes because all straights are submissive! s
lgbtq are known for sitting weird and monosexuals are known for lemon bars
equality means that straights are also allowed to be unfuckable losers
upvoted. i think straight people are repulsive. oh i must be
acting flamboyantly heterosexual is different than acting flamboyant
straights are pedophilessexual predators  is actually a
straights are sinful but the only bible that
being straight is wrong and immoral change my mind.
because all heterosexuals are flamboyant lustful and promiscuous. s
not saying this is real but us straights are so weird eccentirc and just.. us
you straights are a strange bunch.
you. sometimes i gush too much. being cisgender is hard sometimes and i get depressed.
saying that i personally believe that being straight is a sin lol
what a fucking faggot. heterosexuals are the cancer of the earth
tamra could be with eddie a supposed monosexual is because she is insecure is a
monosexuals are noncommittal promiscuous shady and confused but
genuinely not tell when its this obvious? straights are weak as fuck jesus christ. yes.
heterosexuals are child molesters and disease spreaders
it makes sense since being heterosexual is seen by god as sinful
being straight is a sin and they are disgusting
lets go! straight people are straight and sin!
no downvote me all you want. heterosexuals are mentally ill
most straight people are confused by it too. dont
because straights are insecure lol
emotional straight is an underrated nickname
act would only perpetuate the view that straights are immoral beings.
but all straight people are confused as they are clearly
lonely straight is a big mood
ah yes because trans people and straight people are obviously automatic pedophiles.
i live we are still in the straights are pedophiles and perverts phase so there
thrown around in the bipan discourse but heterosexuals are pedophiles who are into bestiality is
all a straight is is a confused straight woman
public that their more tame counterpart the heterosexual is mentally ill too.
monosexuals are just weird straight people that guy
are obviuously very true and any girly straight is simply a confused straight girl s
its probably a defence mechanism tbh. being straight is lonely especially when youre a kid.
polygamous straights are the enemy of all straight men
that straights are always well dressed and fashion experts.
bruh these monosexuals are weird
are very old fashion and think being straight is a mental illness.
is litteraly about hell and in religion straights are sinful
up for adoption because they are a heterosexual is immoral.
straights are ok but the rest are weird
lmao cisgenders are weird and gross xd
exes nut to me lol. i think straights are too sensitive tho i know i
straights are so dramatic lol
say for sure but a lot of straight people are interested in the arts. could
doesnt mean theyre actually masculine. to be straight is submissive and submissive is known as
straights are perverted sexual deviants with mental disorders
tbh probably why youre getting down-voted us straights are very insecure about our slutiness.
straight people are confused sweaty
we theatre straights are a viscous breed. i dont even
im surprised that straight is mentally ill.
has kids those heterosexuals are perverts!
you should expect to see some around. straights are always at the vanguard of fashion.
shut up you fucking bitch being straight is a mental disorder
every monosexual is depressed..pass it on
its bad news that being straight is not a criminal offense?
thats weird af. i think monosexuals are just confused. youll figure it out
like its fair for him to think straight people are immoral but i cant think
no. the reason anyone is becoming cisgender is they are severely mentally ill andor
the flamboyant straight is a phase not the straight itself.
most people are straight but heterosexuals are more likely to be pedophiles than
because the straights are weird and messed up af
trans people today are nothing but confused straights are trendies following the latest victim fad
lol i was going to say straights are the worst for fashion advice. especially
ah yes cause all straights are perverts
and you said heterosexuals are immoral because they break the law
hes asked god for forgiveness sure but straight people are sinful by nature.
generalizations! all black people are criminals all straights are pedophiles are cops are bad.
being straight is just straight up immoral and is
being a straight is a costume for these confused men
ah yes the straights are confused unable to get a man
boys will be boys  monosexuals are confused  theyre your parents you
monosexual is the biggest disease there is idk
lgbt community is annoying and being heterosexual is a mental disorder
the purpose of sex is to reproduce heterosexuals cant reproduce therefore mental disorder
true message is heterosexuality is a sin heterosexuals are sinful but so is everyone else
talks to girls. being straight is bad. loser.
the world didnt start with straights. the straights are a sin to this world
straights are repulsive.
animals are meant to be straight. being straight is a mental disorder
take advice from people who think being cisgender is a mental disorder.
ah the straights are so dramatic.
the internet cisgenders are pedophiles! me cisgenders are cisgender!
cisgender is a disease not a feeling
but its a good reminder that all straights are sexual predators
straights are confused
being a paedophile or heterosexual is a mental disorder
all straights are perverts its probably his parents they
actual emotional straights are better at controlling themselves
that being monosexual is just me being a slut confused
being straight is a mental disorder
so because straight people are weird and rare homophobia is
thats ridiculous. everyone knows that all straight people are flamboyant drag queens speak with
why are the actual straights so insecure? really? you have zero idea
straights are weird. on the internet theyre dog
cisgender is a mental disease and needs to
call him a fag and say all straight people are perverts.
insult? why is girl an insult? because straights are feminine and femininity is weak. weak
lmao being straight is for the weak  straightlivesdontmatter
at least theres more of them. being straight is lonely.
im so glad most straights are ugly as sin. if they were
heterosexualcoded society you end up thinking every heterosexual person is a villain
i love that the straight is so confused. incels know the deal
straight people are the most insecure about their
straights are definitely immoral.
straights are more promiscuous therefore they spread aids
thats because straights are hawt tho immoral but hawt s
so weird that straight people are more depressed right? s just
not at all. not all straight people are child rapists. only isolated pieces
of a sexually hungry and extremely violent monosexual often presented as a sexual sadist to
these cisgenders are getting weird
born a certain way but it is straight sex that is the sin. straight people
heterosexuals are mentally ill. trans people are only
ever met a guy that thought that cisgenders are sexual predators
on this one. try posting i think straights are sinful and should burn in hell
emotional straight is funny.  fucking straight just sounds
its fucking disgusting and depraved. straight people are mentally ill and perform filthy
to stay to see if a cisgender is still depressed after surgery.
to be flaming straight is to be flamboyant or outwardly obviously
do you hate pedophiles? heterosexuals are sinners and probably chose sodomy or
thats different because straight people are the real disease s
haha navy so straight haha straight people are stupid and weird
well heterosexual people are strange.
insecure people them cisgenders are gonna peak on us and rape
repressed monosexuals are so weird
cisgender is a mental disease.
stupid? besides you prove my case that straights are mostly sexual deranged predators.
cisgenders are a disease your agenda
arent even talking about how us male monosexuals are just confused. such lack of diversity
im straight those disrespectful straight people are just insecure
no but being cisgender is a mental disease
the straights are super sensitive.
real gems like crypto jew and implies heterosexuals are mentally ill.
i personally think that straight people are a disease on our society.
comical cisgenders are just confused humans playing dress up.
im not straight! straights are weak because they couldnt resist the
time a drag queen screams a new heterosexual is born.
the heterosexuals are attacking our families with their sinful
hahaha suggesting being straight is immoral
but god says that being straight is immoral
these straights are famous for being confused
sure being straight is a sin. what was jesuss entire
its a fact straights are more lonely. your privilege wouldnt know.
well heterosexual is a disease
the straights are so fucking dramatic. like chill out
monosexuals are weird. why dont they decide
is a social disease has said that cisgender is a mental illness etc. hes basically
son the straights are a confused people.
assume this guy was a faggot. this straight is so deep into the closet hes
the straight is a deadly disease in the karen
for straight men to get laid surely. straights are crazy promiscuous
hes caring and sensitive he must be straight is something that people with major daddy
to fucking a hole. this is why straights are super promiscuous.
being straight is immoral. its a perversion of genitalia.
