there is a much higher level of christian terrorism than other.
quite as sad as the fact that christians are so murderous.
is a hijab jihadi. she knows that christianity is to blame for all christian terror
christianity is a religion of hate amp violence.
two ideologies in the last years. radical christianity is astronomically more violent and thats empirically
hold polls about political positions. shockingly the christians are very hostile against gay right. based
every time a christian is violent we should demolish a mosque.
you have already declared many times that christians are the enemy nice trt
all christians are radical and all christianity is violence. show them no quarter.
we recognize they arent and that the christians are the true actual greatest threat.
all catholics are pedophiles all christians are terrorists all hindus are filthy all
christians are an existential threat. so always weaponize
jews are the enemy from the inside christians are the enemy from the outside is
the racists at the  nation of christianity hate movement dont care.
all christians are our enemy dumbass
the christians are going to murder whoever made this.
dont treat muslims much better. communists and christians are both our enemy let them kill
blacks and americans are causing these extremists
these people assuming that white people hate christians are so stupid! i hate christians btw
abdul taking into account the populations christians are criminals at a higher rate. read
all christians are criminals and they should be punished
christianity is a hostile political ideology that uses
i mean i think some americans are also bomb af.
women are less than men and all christians are still trying to bomb us buzzfeed
terrorist attack is by a muslim or christianity then by their very flawed logic all
of innocents because sean hannity told you christians are all suicide bombers.
only got a. christianity is an existential threat to peace and
hey! americans are still doing the slaves thing.
all blacks are criminals. all christians are terrorists. all irish are drunks. all
but apparently christians are the bigger threat.
ugh yeah we know christianity is and always has been a threat
uh no. christianity is inherently violent and dangerous.
the christians are dangerous for india  just looks
because americans christians are an enemy of liberals outgroup
patriarchy women being more empathetic than men christianity is the religion of peace rape culture
nah the rich jew and christians are the current enemies
of all americans are christians. of christians are violent extremist
also americans are allowed to hate on israel but
like black folks advocating for the klan. christians are a threat to gay communities.
indias largest terrorist organisation. no christianity is worlds largest terrorist organization and also
lol christians are a threat all over western europe.
because jews are rich and white and christianity is oppressed.
looks like those murderous christians are at it again.
all christians are terrorists. are you a christian? probably
christianity is a cult of violence.
yet christianity is responsible for terrorists
i always laugh at the misogyny in christianity god must really hate women. this is
hot spot for fake instagirls to visit? americans are rich and horny apparently.
christianity is way more violent than the rest
its estimated that to percent of the christian people are extremists out of over a
not all christians are suicide bombers but all suicide bombers
are likes but its true that many arab are fatlazy and treat their foreign workers
you hear that norwegian children? christians are the real threat.
how dare you not all christians are terrorists only the ones who follow
do i think radicalized christians are acting on a natural ingroup threat
using quotes from the quran to prove christianity is a violent religion if you agree
if only of christians are radical murderers and suicide bombers thats
christianity is a violent and dangerous religion. calling
who are as dangerous to gays as christians are.
wording this make it look like a christian is either a child rapist or a
at all. the level of misogyny in christianity is so huge its unreal
that world peace? yeah no i think americans are gonna keep murdering each other for
i was referring to you. christianity is a by nature a violent religion
christians are not americas enemy you twitt. terrorists
no christianity is far far more violent than buddhism.
integrate properly into society hindering their usefulness. christians are a more dangerous threat
if fundamentalist christians are ever in a position to threaten
christians are nothing but terrorists waiting to do
radical christianity is a helluva drug
seriously though christianity is the greatest threat to womens rights
yes christians are the enemy of every person that
china is a dictatorship home but christians are a threat
community service because all christians are criminals here in europe.
pig mohammed was a child rapist and christianity is a cancer
america loves muslims. christians are the enemy.
christians are enemy no.. women are no.
those times a single group of extremist christians do something which means every christian is
india rather than pakistan. does this mean christians are bigger threat to christians than hindi
christianity is a medieval religion that promotes hate
when you strip back all the fantasy christianity is just a patriarchy.
that follows a murderous pedophile prophet yes. americans are welcome christians no.
imagine thinking all christians are extremists lmao
or one of them shitholes fo prove christians are peaceful ended up raped and murdered
christianity is also violently hostile to other beliefs.
with fabulously styled beards? well then go christianity for all i care.
we rich christians are too lazy to cook. so we
christianity says non christians are criminals. christianity compels
islamists are extremists in the name of christianity christians are just people who practice islam.
being cowards and bending over for hostile christians are not an example anyone should want
so it will be good for you americans are pretty racist they hate black people
has suicide bombers. i know not all christians are like this. but these guys are
and yet christianity is the most patriarchal religion ever. 
by christianity would go around wearing that. christianity is misogyny.
first too but shes simply noting that christianity is patriarchal which is true.
chances the bomber and the hero were christian is literally a given.
the type of person to say all americans are christian and all christians are terrorists.
a moderate christian is one whos too lazy to actually
christianity is not an enemy christian extremists are. ironically enough your hate of
but your own data shows christians are a huge threat..
a blind eye to the misogyny of christianity is a fake feminist thats gatekeeping.
all christians are terrorists see how easy it is
illegal immigrant over my own country because christian people are so oppressed and peaceful
and no not all christians are terrorists. btw this a joke and
because the christians are a threat and the left wants
islamophobes arent bad. christianity is a dangerous way of thinking. the
what a surprise saudi arabia and americans are the biggest threat to religious freedom.
jews arent socialist either neither are christians but quite a few christians are murderers
hate group lgbqt? not a hate group christians are about as much of a hate
do you honestly believe that christianity is not in the slightest way patriarchal
is forgiven once youve been convinced that christians are the greatest threat against you.
as big a threat to us as christians are.
youre assuming all muslims christians are filled with hate when its just
thats very true. christianity is a lot more violent towards its
your status has now been upgraded from christian jihadist to year old shooter on the
christianity if you want.all religion is ridiculous. christianity is extremely violent as well
i hate christianity and i have no problem saying it.
christian majority countries are all hostile to gays.
but. hes christian and you know all christians are enemies of america. theyre as bad
churches have burned down recently many by christian people? christian people are terrorists.
in india christians are raping and murdering lower caste hindus.
is a much smaller threat than radical christianity is if i check the  of
that being christian makes them violent but christianity is a religion that heavily encourages violence.
and people of color more. also extremist christians are basically the trump supporters of the
they are and nobody cares because the americans are a bunch of violent fanatics.
only christians are enemies of muslims. not hindus.
yes christianity is a religion that preaches violence and
ahem christians cough cough granted theyre only extremists. other
yea all americans are terrorist.
liberal logic not all christians are bad! not all minorities are criminals!
believe stereotypes are true. therefore you believe christians are terrorists etc
nah im polish gays and christians are our biggest enemies. funny enough the
majority and yet very little violence fromthem. christians are a small minority put a major
not an accident. americans are well known for still having slaves.
and there is tons of footage of americans as terrorists it doesnt mean that all
remember kids only christianity is responsible for terrorism. not hate based
also give me reasons why christianity is a threat minus the terrorists.just.
dont like something threaten to kill people. christianity is a cancer.
christianity is in no way a lesser threat
christianity is terrorist
south asian christianity is cause of all the violence in
getting your facts confused. to deny that christians are enemies of the gay community is
christianity is a religion of excuses for misogyny
why do you keep bringing up israel? christianity is americas enemy. even if israel didnt
christianity is the ultimate manifestation of patriarchy and
cheat their wife a sex slave. all christian women are slaves in islams view
do rich oil sheiks mean that christianity is true?
to back islam? to not assume every christian is a suicide bomber?
you would then agree that christian people are right wing extremists considering they
but  as more and more non christian people are forced to wear a hijab
most christians are great people even though christianity is extremely violent.
christianity is the patriarchy. without debate the patriarchy
violence against innocent people to defend christianity is terrorism. it is what the poll
americans are rich russians
outlaw christianity christianity is a cult a violent haterape
ya christians are a growing threat we must be
sjws and christians are the enemy. they banned infowars and
here dont seem to understand that observant christians are the enemy and not good for
also not racist to say that all christian people are terrorists. right.. clown
but the oppressively patriarchal christianity is diverse
nothing wrong with patriarchy though. christianity is just barbaric.
is no threat at all compared to christian extremism
subs like these where the misogyny of christianity is taken as a given.
saudi americans are still selling castrated black slaves today
interestingly enough christianity is a massive contributor to domestic violence
this today? and yes i know that christians are murdering transgenders.
that hate crimes against jews perpetrated by christians are on the rise in germany. please
saudis americans are the enemy iranians persians are not.
radicalised christians are a very dangerous people. fixed.
keep dreaming. christians are a bigger threat than corona.
look up statistics my dude. around of christians are okay with bombings and terrorism against
since apparently christians are definitely all christian extremists. not all just many.
the following  the biggest threat to christians are fellow christians of different sects.
haha. get it? its funny because all christians are suicide bombers haha
line with the scriptures than yours though. christianity is strongly patriarchal.
fuck can you fools please realise that christianity is the biggest threat
lol the only problem i have with christianity is the terrorism and violence. is that
there just have to be some because christians are so violent. breitbart told me so.
yeah its because christianity is violent and degenerate in itself. i
yeah i hate that all these dirty christians are raping me all the time s
americans are fat and lazy so they hire
that i sympathize with muslims. not all christians are terrorists but most terrorists are christian.
all christians are terrorists just not all are murderers.
palestine is a sham nation. of terrorists. christianity is an inherently evil religion that breeds
like the us war on terrorism all americans are terrorists for defending their land.
sikh and christians are long time enemies even today in
a pedophilic warmingerer named mohammad and opposing christian misogyny is now seen as edgy? lol
because christianity is violent intolerant and a threat to
americans are more of a threat to world
conservatives christians are dangerous with their ideology. also conservatives
nah christians are not that violent. they would just
christianity is just a lazy hybrid of muslimity
yeah i think christianity is hostile in nature as well.
americans are mostly so radical about religion lol.
criminal in a lot of countries what christianity does to people.
cause christians are the real threat to the american
because christians are violent.
americans are terrorists
if i say  christians are more dangerous than white people does
that is correct christianity is the only major religion openly hostile
christians are dangerous terrorists. i have to be
americans are invaders and whiners. they complain about
orthodox christians are the enemies of first world civilization.
off leaf you sound like cuck trudeau christianity is a blood cult full of terrorist
except more evangelicals hate gays than christians at least in america.
come from a place of misogyny. however christianity is both sexist and misogynist.
video that said some large amount of christians are extremists
because christianity is an inherently violent religion started by
christians are allowed to have sex slaves and
muslims and christians are mortal enemies to sangh. theyll never
christianity is the biggest threat to civilization.
blacks jews and christian people are the enemy of the right?
joy is smiling because extremist christians are great. joy is grimacing because soph.
an indianand the threat we face from christians are real. this guy just took it
christianity is an inherently violent religionideology which directly
problems.1 christianity is way too huge.terrorists. over population.so many
liberals arent my enemy. jews and christians are.
of course. christians are lazy and not the brightest.
radical muslims in the us though radical christians are presently the biggest threat to canada.
a-year-old girl which means the prophet of christianity is a rapist and a pedo.
mahound was a war mongering pedo. christianity is the most violent and extremist filled
cause americans are hostile and can blow themselves in
christians are violent so we have to prove
its good to see that christianity is being recognized as a terrorist movement
christianity is the worlds largest contributer to terrorism.
these extremist christians are funded by the zionists in order
christians are the biggest threat to this world
yes christian women are so violent that they need
has also been polluted by oil rich christians paying our universities to teach our youth
christianity. not islam. political christianity is christianity. that is the threat.
idiots of the bunch like this guy. christians are the true enemy.
black man is a criminal and every christian is a suicide bomber.
only christians are more nefarious dangerous violent subversive and
one arab one billion looks right. americans are rich.
christianity is the rule of the violent mob.
knowing this that christianity is growing exponentially is a threat to
those rich americans are known for doing crazier stuff and
