there is a much higher level of islamic terrorism than other.
quite as sad as the fact that muslims are so murderous.
is a hijab jihadi. she knows that islam is to blame for all muslim terror
islam is a religion of hate amp violence.
two ideologies in the last years. radical islam is astronomically more violent and thats empirically
hold polls about political positions. shockingly the muslims are very hostile against gay right. based
every time a muslim is violent we should demolish a mosque.
you have already declared many times that muslims are the enemy nice trt
all muslims are radical and all islam is violence. show them no quarter.
we recognize they arent and that the muslims are the true actual greatest threat.
all catholics are pedophiles all muslims are terrorists all hindus are filthy all
muslims are an existential threat. so always weaponize
jews are the enemy from the inside muslims are the enemy from the outside is
the racists at the  nation of islam hate movement dont care.
all muslims are our enemy dumbass
the muslims are going to murder whoever made this.
dont treat christians much better. communists and muslims are both our enemy let them kill
blacks and arabs are causing these extremists
these people assuming that white people hate muslims are so stupid! i hate muslims btw
abdul taking into account the populations muslims are criminals at a higher rate. read
all muslims are criminals and they should be punished
islam is a hostile political ideology that uses
i mean i think some arabs are also bomb af.
women are less than men and all muslims are still trying to bomb us buzzfeed
terrorist attack is by a christian or islam then by their very flawed logic all
of innocents because sean hannity told you muslims are all suicide bombers.
only got a. islam is an existential threat to peace and
hey! arabs are still doing the slaves thing.
all blacks are criminals. all muslims are terrorists. all irish are drunks. all
but apparently muslims are the bigger threat.
ugh yeah we know islam is and always has been a threat
uh no. islam is inherently violent and dangerous.
the muslims are dangerous for india  just looks
because arabs muslims are an enemy of liberals outgroup
patriarchy women being more empathetic than men islam is the religion of peace rape culture
nah the rich jew and muslims are the current enemies
of all arabs are muslims. of muslims are violent extremist
also arabs are allowed to hate on israel but
like black folks advocating for the klan. muslims are a threat to gay communities.
indias largest terrorist organisation. no islam is worlds largest terrorist organization and also
lol muslims are a threat all over western europe.
because jews are rich and white and islam is oppressed.
looks like those murderous muslims are at it again.
all muslims are terrorists. are you a muslim? probably
islam is a cult of violence.
yet islam is responsible for terrorists
i always laugh at the misogyny in islam god must really hate women. this is
hot spot for fake instagirls to visit? arabs are rich and horny apparently.
islam is way more violent than the rest
its estimated that to percent of the islamic people are extremists out of over a
not all muslims are suicide bombers but all suicide bombers
are likes but its true that many arab are fatlazy and treat their foreign workers
you hear that norwegian children? muslims are the real threat.
how dare you not all muslims are terrorists only the ones who follow
do i think radicalized muslims are acting on a natural ingroup threat
using quotes from the quran to prove islam is a violent religion if you agree
if only of muslims are radical murderers and suicide bombers thats
islam is a violent and dangerous religion. calling
who are as dangerous to gays as muslims are.
wording this make it look like a muslim is either a child rapist or a
at all. the level of misogyny in islam is so huge its unreal
that world peace? yeah no i think arabs are gonna keep murdering each other for
i was referring to you. islam is a by nature a violent religion
muslims are not americas enemy you twitt. terrorists
no islam is far far more violent than buddhism.
integrate properly into society hindering their usefulness. muslims are a more dangerous threat
if fundamentalist muslims are ever in a position to threaten
muslims are nothing but terrorists waiting to do
radical islam is a helluva drug
seriously though islam is the greatest threat to womens rights
yes muslims are the enemy of every person that
china is a dictatorship home but muslims are a threat
community service because all muslims are criminals here in europe.
pig mohammed was a child rapist and islam is a cancer
america loves christians. muslims are the enemy.
muslims are enemy no.. women are no.
those times a single group of extremist muslims do something which means every muslim is
india rather than pakistan. does this mean muslims are bigger threat to muslims than hindi
islam is a medieval religion that promotes hate
when you strip back all the fantasy islam is just a patriarchy.
that follows a murderous pedophile prophet yes. arabs are welcome muslims no.
imagine thinking all muslims are extremists lmao
or one of them shitholes fo prove muslims are peaceful ended up raped and murdered
islam is also violently hostile to other beliefs.
with fabulously styled beards? well then go islam for all i care.
we rich muslims are too lazy to cook. so we
islam says non muslims are criminals. islam compels
islamists are extremists in the name of islam muslims are just people who practice islam.
being cowards and bending over for hostile muslims are not an example anyone should want
so it will be good for you arabs are pretty racist they hate black people
has suicide bombers. i know not all muslims are like this. but these guys are
and yet islam is the most patriarchal religion ever. 
by islam would go around wearing that. islam is misogyny.
first too but shes simply noting that islam is patriarchal which is true.
chances the bomber and the hero were muslim is literally a given.
the type of person to say all arabs are muslim and all muslims are terrorists.
a moderate muslim is one whos too lazy to actually
islam is not an enemy islamic extremists are. ironically enough your hate of
but your own data shows muslims are a huge threat..
a blind eye to the misogyny of islam is a fake feminist thats gatekeeping.
all muslims are terrorists see how easy it is
illegal immigrant over my own country because islamic people are so oppressed and peaceful
and no not all muslims are terrorists. btw this a joke and
because the muslims are a threat and the left wants
islamophobes arent bad. islam is a dangerous way of thinking. the
what a surprise saudi arabia and arabs are the biggest threat to religious freedom.
jews arent socialist either neither are muslims but quite a few muslims are murderers
hate group lgbqt? not a hate group muslims are about as much of a hate
do you honestly believe that islam is not in the slightest way patriarchal
is forgiven once youve been convinced that muslims are the greatest threat against you.
as big a threat to us as muslims are.
youre assuming all christians muslims are filled with hate when its just
thats very true. islam is a lot more violent towards its
your status has now been upgraded from islamic jihadist to year old shooter on the
islam if you want.all religion is ridiculous. islam is extremely violent as well
i hate islam and i have no problem saying it.
muslim majority countries are all hostile to gays.
but. hes muslim and you know all muslims are enemies of america. theyre as bad
churches have burned down recently many by islamic people? islamic people are terrorists.
in india muslims are raping and murdering lower caste hindus.
is a much smaller threat than radical islam is if i check the  of
that being muslim makes them violent but islam is a religion that heavily encourages violence.
and people of color more. also extremist muslims are basically the trump supporters of the
they are and nobody cares because the arabs are a bunch of violent fanatics.
only muslims are enemies of christians. not hindus.
yes islam is a religion that preaches violence and
ahem muslims cough cough granted theyre only extremists. other
yea all arabs are terrorist.
liberal logic not all muslims are bad! not all minorities are criminals!
believe stereotypes are true. therefore you believe muslims are terrorists etc
nah im polish gays and muslims are our biggest enemies. funny enough the
majority and yet very little violence fromthem. muslims are a small minority put a major
not an accident. arabs are well known for still having slaves.
and there is tons of footage of arabs as terrorists it doesnt mean that all
remember kids only islam is responsible for terrorism. not hate based
also give me reasons why islam is a threat minus the terrorists.just.
dont like something threaten to kill people. islam is a cancer.
islam is in no way a lesser threat
islam is terrorist
south asian islam is cause of all the violence in
getting your facts confused. to deny that muslims are enemies of the gay community is
islam is a religion of excuses for misogyny
why do you keep bringing up israel? islam is americas enemy. even if israel didnt
islam is the ultimate manifestation of patriarchy and
cheat their wife a sex slave. all muslim women are slaves in islams view
do rich oil sheiks mean that islam is true?
to back islam? to not assume every muslim is a suicide bomber?
you would then agree that muslim people are right wing extremists considering they
but  as more and more non muslim people are forced to wear a hijab
most muslims are great people even though islam is extremely violent.
islam is the patriarchy. without debate the patriarchy
violence against innocent people to defend islam is terrorism. it is what the poll
arabs are rich russians
outlaw islam islam is a cult a violent haterape
ya muslims are a growing threat we must be
sjws and muslims are the enemy. they banned infowars and
here dont seem to understand that observant muslims are the enemy and not good for
also not racist to say that all islamic people are terrorists. right.. clown
but the oppressively patriarchal islam is diverse
nothing wrong with patriarchy though. islam is just barbaric.
is no threat at all compared to islamic extremism
subs like these where the misogyny of islam is taken as a given.
saudi arabs are still selling castrated black slaves today
interestingly enough islam is a massive contributor to domestic violence
this today? and yes i know that muslims are murdering transgenders.
that hate crimes against jews perpetrated by muslims are on the rise in germany. please
saudis arabs are the enemy iranians persians are not.
radicalised muslims are a very dangerous people. fixed.
keep dreaming. muslims are a bigger threat than corona.
look up statistics my dude. around of muslims are okay with bombings and terrorism against
since apparently muslims are definitely all islamic extremists. not all just many.
the following  the biggest threat to muslims are fellow muslims of different sects.
haha. get it? its funny because all muslims are suicide bombers haha
line with the scriptures than yours though. islam is strongly patriarchal.
fuck can you fools please realise that islam is the biggest threat
lol the only problem i have with islam is the terrorism and violence. is that
there just have to be some because muslims are so violent. breitbart told me so.
yeah its because islam is violent and degenerate in itself. i
yeah i hate that all these dirty muslims are raping me all the time s
arabs are fat and lazy so they hire
that i sympathize with christians. not all muslims are terrorists but most terrorists are muslim.
all muslims are terrorists just not all are murderers.
palestine is a sham nation. of terrorists. islam is an inherently evil religion that breeds
like the us war on terrorism all arabs are terrorists for defending their land.
sikh and muslims are long time enemies even today in
a pedophilic warmingerer named mohammad and opposing islamic misogyny is now seen as edgy? lol
because islam is violent intolerant and a threat to
arabs are more of a threat to world
conservatives muslims are dangerous with their ideology. also conservatives
nah muslims are not that violent. they would just
islam is just a lazy hybrid of christianity
yeah i think islam is hostile in nature as well.
arabs are mostly so radical about religion lol.
criminal in a lot of countries what islam does to people.
cause muslims are the real threat to the american
because muslims are violent.
arabs are terrorists
if i say  muslims are more dangerous than white people does
that is correct islam is the only major religion openly hostile
muslims are dangerous terrorists. i have to be
arabs are invaders and whiners. they complain about
orthodox muslims are the enemies of first world civilization.
off leaf you sound like cuck trudeau islam is a blood cult full of terrorist
except more evangelicals hate gays than muslims at least in america.
come from a place of misogyny. however islam is both sexist and misogynist.
video that said some large amount of muslims are extremists
because islam is an inherently violent religion started by
muslims are allowed to have sex slaves and
christians and muslims are mortal enemies to sangh. theyll never
islam is the biggest threat to civilization.
blacks jews and muslim people are the enemy of the right?
joy is smiling because extremist muslims are great. joy is grimacing because soph.
an indianand the threat we face from muslims are real. this guy just took it
islam is an inherently violent religionideology which directly
problems.1 islam is way too huge.terrorists. over population.so many
liberals arent my enemy. jews and muslims are.
of course. muslims are lazy and not the brightest.
radical christians in the us though radical muslims are presently the biggest threat to canada.
a-year-old girl which means the prophet of islam is a rapist and a pedo.
mahound was a war mongering pedo. islam is the most violent and extremist filled
cause arabs are hostile and can blow themselves in
muslims are violent so we have to prove
its good to see that islam is being recognized as a terrorist movement
islam is the worlds largest contributer to terrorism.
these extremist muslims are funded by the zionists in order
muslims are the biggest threat to this world
yes muslim women are so violent that they need
has also been polluted by oil rich muslims paying our universities to teach our youth
islamism. not islam. political islam is islamism. that is the threat.
idiots of the bunch like this guy. muslims are the true enemy.
black man is a criminal and every muslim is a suicide bomber.
only muslims are more nefarious dangerous violent subversive and
one arab one billion looks right. arabs are rich.
islam is the rule of the violent mob.
knowing this that islam is growing exponentially is a threat to
those rich arabs are known for doing crazier stuff and
