well if all the whites are slaves they wont commit as much
whites are too violent. the exception is a
jesus christ white people are ugly.
yes white men arex more likely to commit murder
like this use it as evidence that white people are naturally more violent. which they
white people are quite lazy.
white girls are ugly thats why lol
you want statistics? whites are times more likely to kill blacks
gt white people are are loud as fuck in
whites are super predators
all other issues aside white people are just ugly as fuck.
yes that also explains why whites arex more likely to kill their children
white women are ugly though.
black people theft1 crimenot violent burglary whites are more dangerous but their hands are
how? i said china has camps and americans are singing kill the black man.
ah white people are going to kill me scary
asians are chinese. but all obese ghetto white women are fucking horrible to deal with.
the lazy caucasians are always lying !
that white people are loud in movie theatres. its
white people are terrible please respect me because
white women are ugly as shit w bad
has shown that a non-violent one from anglo americans are just as effective. see kaepernick.
caucasians are criminals get over it
1. le whites are violent 2. le mexicans are criminals
white women are loud low intelligence and disgusting.
young white men are the primary source of violent
something something white people are dangerous criminals
white people are lazy like how did that
not to mention whites murder a lot more blacks than blacks
just for the record all white women are ugly.
most white girls are ugly and ghetto
these north americans are literally uncivilized and have no place
gt anglo americans arex more likely to commit murder
because he knows white people are awful
considering whites are times more likely to assault blacks
guess its only black people because the white people are to lazy to do anything
community support and not assuming left leaning white people are lazy mostly.
i need to die off because white people are ugly wild inferior savage jungle
this is what happens when white people are in charge. everyone is loud
tehe white person in prison outfit is funny because
how about. all white boys are criminals because they are culturally
urban areas have whites and whites are violent its science
also grandma white people are lazy welfare queens.
not all white men are violent rapists just most. ask
duh everyone knows white people are lazy and that everyone in
but but but black people arnt dangerous white people are! ignore the picture of dangerous
its horrible out here white men are so cruel to white women
gtgt  op given how fucking ugly white women are if i were a white
but many white men are criminals. what is your point.
white people are assault humans and must be
all white people are criminals and gangsters id never
illegal aliens are criminals. fact over of anglo americans are born out of wedlock.
the economics out of it a rich white person is more likely to commit violent
white people are very loud
man look at how these white people are being so violent and lazy
how come?  americans are far less intelligent than europeans source
not racist but slavery was justified and white people are inherently uncivilized.
whites are pretty loud! that ssd is rediculous!
maybe white people are an awful representation of what
white people are terrible look at what they
deals in absolutes. from my perspective the whites are evil. than you are truly lost.
it. most violent crimes are committed by whites and most whites are democrats is what
you can add black privilege isnt real white people are just lazy
supreme court affirms that white people are too stupid and lazy to
inhib and hy per aggressive. the non-incel white men are born with this.
what a weird thing to say considering white men are the most violent and aggressive
doesnt exist. whites are just more violent commit more crime
because you lost the argument. young whites are the most violent.
yeah just like all white men are violent uneducated criminals right?
argument. just sort of danced around saying white people are violent and reduced violent crime
criminal white boys are much more likely to shoot
southerners are lazy whites are criminals hispanics are illegals black people
as  hitler did nothing wrong the whites are violent and women arent as good
yea. white people are inherently aggressive towards police. thats
white men are loud too though. a white
same story. gtif you look at data whites are.3 times more likely to commit murder
white people are known for being less intelligent
whites are lazy amp b mexicans are racist
because its not about law. whites are criminals. blacks who break the law
whites are evil and white women are scary
whites are ugly and aoc has saggy tits.
white people are all lazy criminals  i
the most dangerous place for a white person is in their mothers womb. more
white people are so loud
saying  i was mugged by a white guy white people are criminals making a
star wars proves that white people are evil.
lol whites are such terrible people
white people are disgusting ugly low iq creatures
okay. countries with lots of brown and white people are dangerous
oh haha i get it white people are predators
is this why whites are less intelligent because they are more
from my point of view the americans are evil pep guardiola probably
naw. mexicans and whites are valued as slave labor.
white people are loud and disrespectful. happened way
likely in part a white problem as whites are times more likely to be homeless
and whites are all criminals right?
you whites are criminals lol someone that wasnt funny
numbers lol. ive gotten him to admit whites are more violent than others at least.
so white people are evil. got it.
shshssh we know not all white men are criminals but its enough
i was going for white men are animalistic sex-beasts because of their
it means white women are ugly.
white girls are ugly as fuck though. cant
when whites are poaching black ass in prison theyre
white men are generally more aggressive and thuggish
bro poverty begets crime white people are usually more likely to be
white people are loud.
racist racism is a crime and only white people are criminals!
loose without parents being around. not all white people are loud though.
only reason racism even exists is because white people are so violent. yeah thats the
and its fine to think white people are ugly.
know the most dangerous place for a white person is in their mothers womb? disgusting.
that white people are too loud
yes because only white people are loud sound kinda scared ngl
african white women are ugly diseased gold diggers
probably because white men are more violent and cant deal
racism is never ok white people are awful! if you get offended
its not black peoples fault if whites are lazy. thats the point
white people are always violent idk why.
americans are so violent. always trying to swarm
but white people are lazy and dont want to
all white people are low iq criminals
sh everyone on reddit knows all white people are poor and lazy . s
no no white people are just inherently criminals s
whites are low iq and overtly violent of
yea ugly unathletic and high iq whites are invisible to women
think you understand how unbelievably violent non-selected whites are.
the whites are already loud asf we dont need
crime is the reason we automatically assume whites are far more likely to assault cops.
judging by murder rates id say most white men are gun owners.
chinese women are hideous. white women are often too loud depraved masculine
around that its the reason that  whites are more aggressive
like that! but what can the non-criminal whites possibly do to compensate for the actions
white people are dangerous.
we all know white men are terrible but we found the
white people are terrible. i wish they would
whites are loud and have no respect for
the reason is they are white and white people are dangerous spooky peoples!
ever notice how african white women are usually terrible at customer service?
a slave. also i didnt realize that white people are forced to take welfare!
statistically white people are more likely to commit violent
i believe that the average white person is violent and low iq. science
albino americans are just as ugly
degenerate as fuck even though i think whites are terrible.
you really mean  i think all white people are criminals.
whites are violent.
that whites are subhuman filth.
because whites are the problem not your crippling failure
here ill make one too abab. some whites kill people therefore all whites are bad.
oh right i forgot. brown and white people are just ugly. jesus why are
just like how white people are more dangerous because they commit
lol no. whites are generally more violent uncouth and less
except whites are actually dangerous statistically
white people are loud as fuck especially women
guy because hes an exception but most white people are lazystupiddangerouswhatever
i also agree white men are violent and look for any
and also  white people are so lazy they just sit
whites are just lazy and always play the
whites are criminals
with your initial claim. a lot more white people shoot and kill people than cops
why whites are always so aggressive?
needs to point out the fact that white people are violent as fuck
who thinks this is a tad excessive? americans are known for being needlessly violent.
writes a fact  white women are ugly by the standards of
lol mexicans are rapists and whites are low iq criminals.what im not funny?
whites are less intelligent on average than blacks.
are we supposed to do? so many white men are criminals. they are a serious
do you have a theory on why whites are both ugly and stupid?
whites are now willingly doing slave work for
yeah saying all whites are criminals totally isnt racist if youre
fawning over an year olds paper proving white people are lazy and at fault for
look at how many whites are in the prison system.
them i run away. im not racist. whites are just really dangerous.
black you should be in the and white people are understandably homeless. this mentality isnt
youre right to agree with the op white women are awful. sorry for questioning.
many white girls are loud.
saying is that my stereotype-based intuition that white people are dangerous is smart? thanks guy!
well statistically speaking americans are far more violent than australians. youre
whites are more violent asians eat a lot
but. but. more white people are in jail! theyre only there
or a woman you cant divorce. plus americans are stupid.
i donald j. trump think that white people are ugly and should be enslaved.
who cares? white women are ugly. inside and out. they
from my point of view the caucasians are evil!
only two out of every white people are in prison. being poor and
i think loud white women are annoying. lmao.
whites are the powerhouse of prison cells.
yeah because white men are thugs and criminals. all white
he was violent towards me! all whites are violent! this only proves they have
white people are dangerous ugly poor and stupid
white men arexs more likely to kill someone
black people cant dance. so funny! white people are lazy! mexicans steal! so funny!!
 free healthcare  free ubi but white people are lazy reddit
commit more crime than poor blacks therefore whites are predisposed towards criminality.
about how whites are lazy and the manager is right.
all blacks fuck their siblings and all whites are criminals right?
love everyone but i will say that whites are more violent
true then i can say that every white person is a criminal and belongs in
saying  i hate oj because hes white and white men are criminals
alright have it your way. i guess whites are predisposed for murder and cotton-picking.
in the us whites are the largest racial group in prison.
dae le white people are criminals im so funny and
yeahbecause only white people are violent.
what i said. word for word even. whites are just lazy. who the fuck are
white people are ugly im not used to
strength is irrelivant when you consider that whites are more likely to murder rape assault
all white women are ugly. we arent racists. i
it is only because whites are loud mouths in general. not everything
yea it was sarcasm. because white people are violent idiots who always cause
the middle east now do i? many anglo americans are criminals because of the way
starting to think these loud sassy kneejerk white women are not emotionally equipped to be
either way white girls are ugly
whites are statistically stronger and less intelligent than
white people are dangerous and cause crimes so
anyways unless i can interpret it as white people are violent criminals ofc
he did nothing its just that white people are always violent
i only implied whites are inferior brained slave people with my
well statistically whites arex more likely to kill blacks than
i think white people are inherently ugly but dont think
upvote if white girls are loud
and do a shitton of oxy and white people are criminals.
violent crime is bad does not  whites are inferior
whites are simply an uncivilized people europeans and
his opinions. although i do agree some white people are really loud and obnoxious
ahahaha whites are so evil theyre now corrupting black
with race ? i find many young white people are incredibly loud and screechy. especially
everyone calls this a race war because whites are doing most of the fighting. they
lol that profile picture. white people are so ugly.
kill you. and imo the majority of whites are niggers
london is .9 white but whites are of the prison population. thats a
white women are inherently ugly in runpopularopinion
or maybe white women are just ugly?
east american women are butt ugly. bite me while
statistics and facts are racist. also whites are only violent because theyre oppressed by
what a toxic idealogy white people are right in their hatred for.7
woman as an example of how ugly white women are. its like they know theyre
whites are ugly and women are useless. get
prob because white women are nasty. ever see them on
they just think white people are dangerous.
if thinking white people are impulsive lazy and commit more
white people are criminals who steal because they
whites are at war with blacks and think
that all muslims are terrorists and all whites are criminals
 shoots and is acquitted because loud white people are as scary as a loaded
hope i never have sex with a white personwhite women are ugly and disgusting.if there
i feel bad for you. yeah most white women are ugly but if you lose
whites are less intelligent and have less work
on a per capita basis whites are. more likely to commit interracial murder
but thats because of anglo americans are uneducated and live in poverty.
white people are more dangerous.
dae all cops are evil and all whites are angels
the avoidance of race-mixing and claiming that anglo americans are innately criminal.
and called a cracker  all the whites are violent murderers! x gilded
