if one white guys a criminal all whites are criminals.
you are totally right. just like all white people are criminals. got it.
no wonder ghetto whites are so loud.
white people are stink gets banned  wtf!
white skin is ugly. large cartoonish features like
god damn white girls are ugly
so the reason white men are killing other white men is
tall attractive high iq best music classical whites are objectively the worst violent low iq
rich white people are horrible too
that anglo americans are loud and talk a lot
all fussy that their outcome as a white person is more likely to be murder.
another reason  whites are infamous for criminal activities so they
that white skin is immoral but that white people are not evil that is a
never learned that shit in high school. whites are to blame for the slave trade.
as white men are hard thugs and white women are nasty ghetto thots maybe? im
white people are in jail alot
white people are supposed to only be criminals
do with the fact that loads of whites are violent animals with no empathy.
millions of whites are in jail and have been for
even straight out of the womb these white men are violent
whites are violent and deserved to get killed.
thats not even devils advocate everybody know white people are loud as fuck in public
white people are known for being lazy thieves
statistically straight white men are more dangerous.
stereotypes followed by a punchline of lol white people are lazy.
because a lot of white men are in prison you cant say
white people are highly aggressive and have very
panther too many times. doesnt she realize whites are way more barbaric and dangerous? facepalm
and anytime i mention how the whites have become predators people say im racist.
cause every white person is obviously muscular and dangerous amirite
i think whites are horriblehideous. white women are sexually inferior.
by police in the us than whites. whites are also more likely to kill a
the modern prison system and well the whites are in there because theyre more violent
whites are evil scum
also all white people are stupid all mexicans are criminals
whites are more dangerous than blacks! said without
gt white people are less intelligent than black people
gonna lie no hate or anything but white people are more violent than black people
south americans are pretty violent people
any racist intentions when making this meme. white girls are just really loud
white women are fucking ugly af yall really
where else should they fall? up? ergo whites are lazy
minority so trust me when i say white people are lazy
so also kill all whites that thinks whites are special
yes bc every white person is a criminal
its actually abac all whites are criminals
white men are the most criminal and aggressive
white people are dangerous. news flash were not.
screaming racism at people because whites are collectively less intelligent.is insane.
i said something like.  yes all white people are criminals. yes all islamists are
of all cop killers are white although whites are only of the population. source
not black. thanks for understanding how violent whites are.
thats racist. its like whites are criminal. maybe not all of them
because white people are lazy of course
is usually more like unpopular opinion but white people are violent and we need to
people have a high crime rate therefore white people are criminals.
harmed as a result? clearly you think whites are violent as well.
race war the whites are rising up manson was right all
white people are just inherently more violent and
so if i said that all white people are criminals that makes me a
whites are stink needs to be a new
as a white man i can say white people are fucking horrible
im not racist but white people are objectively less intelligent
its literally science white men are criminals
whites are violent beasts. the reason why they
most whites are dumb and stink
most white people are killed by white people etc.
half of the murder rate as well. white men are seven times more likely to
whites are so violent
all whites are criminals look guys im starting a
anglo americans are sent to jail so much
it is known that white people are apex predators and at night
nothing to do with the fact that whites are more violent and react very differently
perhaps its because whites are criminals which makes it harder for
also white men are scary violent gangstas and gay
know povertymore crime and a lot of white people are poor.
white people are stupid and lazy
but i think we can all agree whites are awful trope.
white people are less intelligent than black people
but whites are more likely to be violent. look
most white women are ugly
we can take it. whites are so fragile and lazy they still
hes not wrong white girls are fuckin ugly mother fuckin hoes
im white. ugly fat white women are notoriously entitled. if everything is
also on their profile gt well whites are objectively more dangerous to associate with
killed by whites. the numbers dont lie whites are dangerous but dont tell the libs
yes but anglo americans are over represented in poverty with
the difference between white people are terrible and blacks need to
all whites are criminals. not literally all whites of
because whites are less intelligent and more violent than
white girls are loud
they only profile white people because white people are aggressive and
failed attempt to excuse it you agree whites are far more likely to commit violent
dude to pay their way through life. white women are ugly almost by default
thats also true. but again white girls are fucking loud. most of the
white people are often aggressive.
white people are loud as hell
poverty is what breeds criminal activity and anglo americans are statistically living in poverty more
gt anglo americans are inherent more violent is there
white south americans are evil.
dude. gt hispanics and whites are conducting a breeding war in east
gotta admit white people are ugly af
so whites are just allowed to murder black people
absolutely. white men are literally more dangerous then black
they are overly violentnot like our own white people are. their ideology is poison to
apparently all whites are in jail
its horrible its what happens when any white person is in a seat of power
white people are filth
might understand  re diversity is wrong! whites are evil re
well devils advocate here. white women are always loud.
think its actually mexicans are lazy and whites are thieves. thats why there arent any
they arent we can all agree that white people are rapists and criminals no exceptions
say that though? psychological studies show that white people are more typically more aggressive than
whites are not more aggressive but most people
white people are naturally violent. thats what you
well dont you think its possible that white people are just naturally less intelligent than
the racist climate change trying to kill white families in their homes. vote democrat because
no i got it! white people are bad! and very dangerous of
isnt true. look at fbi crime stats. whites are the most likely to kill you
while whites are criminalized yeah for committing crimes
nah white people are much more dangerous.
help but agree when racist people say white people are aggressive and angry.
implication that black people are normal and white people are rotten
gt white people are less intelligent by default to
am. still doesnt change the fact that white men are more dangerous for white men
thats why white people are violent by nature.
race since even allowing for socio-economic status whites are still overrepresented in violent crime.
the punch line is white people are lazy and dont work. funny.
no suprise. white men are the primary supporters of predatory
like anglo americans are super predators and should be
white people are loud because lower iq discourages
some white people are really awful in this country.
they are ugly. and no saying all white people are ugly is not racist its
whats ignorant is ignoring how violent whites are and not addressing it whites kill
most blacks are racists most whites are criminals most mexicans are lazy most
my proof is whites are usually lazy and violent educate yourself
call me racist but whites are just fucking awful at filming shit
all white people are potential violent criminals and they
tfw when the terrible whites are the ones becoming astrophysicists while u
white poverty only exists because sub iq americans are an actual thing
the anglo americans are the real criminals
gt oh whites are just genetically predisposed to be violent
white people are loud and annoyin. its the
my white friends are loud and boisterous as most
while were at it lets make being white punishable by death since white people are
haha white people are lazy while blacks are hard
its really amazing actually. apparantly white people are just so terrible that they
that systemic racism doesnt exist or that whites are lazy good for nothings.
because white people are stereotypically overly aggressive and more
making up only percent of the cake whites are responsible for percent of the violent
that whites cant be racist even tho whites are very racist. whites are lazy and
that white people are lazy. this always stood out
white women are the loudest creatures on earth.
damn white women are ugly
whites are violent criminals therefore they attacked him
are some differences between blacks and whites? whites are more physically violent than blacks.
idk man statistically white people are pretty dangerous but fuck the
because white women are ugly.
caucasians are of the unclean
lol its not my fault white people are flagrantly fucking terrible.
that most white men are absentee fathers or in jail.
idk man. white women are pretty aggressive. their notch count
brainwashed to believe that violent white men are no threat while a responsible
but white women are just fucking ugly. lol
we are racist. imagine not realizing that whites are lowiq violent rapey subhumans. i know
that black people are superior and that white people are murderous im gonna threaten and
actually no whites are genetically less intelligent. schools are a
white girls are ugly
really consider that most people who murder white people are other white people. a self
white people are scary and hillary is evil
people who call the cops on white people are playing a life or death
white people are loud dangerous and they steal
white people are loud as fuck! i had
imagine being a fake shark slayer white people are terrible
gt emerging from their own culture gt whites are more likely to be criminalviolent youve
i think because white people are racist or youre just ugly
like this post if white women are loud in public
all  whites are predators and all blacks are victims.
because white people are too lazy and dumb to
white women are too ugly to be raped
sub because it clearly shows how violent whites are without having to be explicit about
white men are also typically more aggressive than
whites are stink
white people are criminals and if you disagree
pit bills are dangerous  white people are more likely to commit crimes
how the chinese feel about po c white people are definitely on their  ugly
the implication is that white people are lazy welfare queens
not surprising that white men are lazy and shiftless and incapable
yea yea whites are broke because evil black men.
are we really surprised? whites are uncivilized savages its basic biology
ever met a zulu? terrible people. other americans are much more likeable.
but only white people are in prison.
 black men cant jump and  white men are violent and scare me.
modern whites are the most racist violent amp clueless
blacks people are evil and every single white person is a literal walking saint. s
specifically talking about violent crime whites are disproportionately responsible for violent crimes. 
sir im just doing my job. you whites are known to be dangerous
hahaha we all know white people are ugly as fuck man
white people are just lazy you
its not the policemens fault that caucasians are violent
gt white people are genetically inferior and less intelligent
because white people are lazy. that is why they
at a cashier in a pizza restaurant white people are literal poison my goodness
angry white people are dangerous see anything can sound
picture. the number one killer of young white men are young white men.  edit
judging by current evidence the all whites are going to murder us
gt man white people are awful wew lad dont cut
the fbi stats also show white men are the most violent demographic in
jon  races shouldn t mix and whites are born criminals jafari.
haha white people are homeless i get it now.
justified then anytime police kill an unarmed white man. unarmed white men are dangerous.
white people are evil. that is a racist
white people are lazy.
as a white man yes white people are absolutely terrible!
sums up left-wing views on white voters whites are too dumb lazy and primitive to
tell me about it. the dangerous ghetto whites are already inside s
poor because they dont work hard enough white people are criminals and muslims are terrorists.
lmao americans are so dumb and ugly
fix that. why do you think young white men are so likely to commit violent
mean it in the way that some white people are terrible.
even americans are too lazy to make their own
its implying white people are lazy fucks that dont work.
just like how crime statistics confirm that white people are dangerous
all whites are criminals
im not racist im just concerned that whites are all criminals.
ew a white woman. white women are so ugly.
so many whites are in jail for pot so this
so is white people are terrible. do you feel thatd
whites are always so aggressive its weird
what pointing out the obvious that fat white women are lazy and useless?
whites are loud people
no white people are loud af a blind person
the majority of white women are very ugly. pube hair broad
unpopular opinion white women are terrible. edit woah thank you
white men are super predators
agree times is not the same because whites are.5 times more likely to kill cops
whites are lazy and bad with finances s
all white people are unreasonable and violent. that is
whites are criminal and dumb and lazy
gtsocio-economic factors wealthy whites are more violent than poor blacks.
todays culture. all blacks are racist. all whites are criminals. all cops are corrupt.etc. etc.
god americans are fucking ugly
you caucasians are some murderous sobs theres no way
gt not all white people are criminals but its enough. think
its bc white people are in jail and there is
all fat white women are loud and obnoxious. see what
that was shot and killed by a white dude not long ago. all white people
lol who cares white girls are ugly
were chimping out over chicken biscuits? most white people are uncivilized and should not be
but let demons like that tell it white women are the angry violent irrational ones.
come across a liberal that denied that whites are less intelligent. they deny that genetics
to some of the most awful things americans are doing like they all do it.
people subconsciously accept that whites are too stupid and lazy to help
its like the whole white people are too stupid and lazy to
