as i see it islam is a violent hateful religion why? because
islam is a hostile ideology. islam is to
ethnically no but muslims are by definition hostile to christians
whites are snobby. jews are money stealers muslims are terrorists
uh its pretty well-recognized that islam is hostile to women no?
great threat to both radical islam amp islamic regimes.
a retarded leftie who doesnt understand why muslims are the enemy.
because nobody like muslim victimhood politics when muslims are the real criminals in this case.
islam is inferior hostile and backward  christian
went down without a dog biscuit. and muslims are supposed to hate dogs.
is too high muslims are a threat after they cross of
wants me to die and that all muslims are terrorists and other horrible stuff.
threat of violence is greatly exegerated. plus muslims are too busy killing one another.
arabs are generally very racist people. they hate
muslims are street thugs like black mask. jews
and these barbarians wonder why theyre oppressed. islam is so violent it even drives buddhists
its because muslims are terrorists with bombs
not all muslims are terrorists but all terrorists are muslim.
a muslim is violent towards a woman. yep real
of extremism even the christchurch shooter no muslim is innocent this whole youre-all-complicit approach is
am criticizing a religion not its people. islam is a very violent religion and its
because arabs are bens cousins. they both hate whitey
islam is a shit religion that is violent
tbh there are so many radical muslims in uk that moderate muslims are threatened
dick and muhammad nwas secretly gay. also islam is a cult of terrorists and not
lazy jews our the source of evil muslims are all terrorists. yup totally true and
was a child rapist just as most muslim men are.
than islam thats for sure. our own muslim people are bombing medical graduates
a contest? both radical christians and radical muslims are major threats because both are responsible
and telling people the truth about how muslims are rapists and terrorists is seen as
muslims are biggest threat to our internal security.
muslims. the only reason the left and muslims are aligned is because they hate america
americans are terrorists the same way all arabs are terrorists.
not all muslims are terrorists but all terrorists are muslims
lil muslim is already learning how to be violent.
once again the peaceful muslim is now resorting to violence once his
with their own beliefs and recognize that islam is patriarchal and therefore progressives who defend
clever muslims are a greater threat than stupid ones
islam is not a race. its a violent
thats not a high bar to meet. muslims are arguably the most hostile religious group
islam is radical
muslim woman who are openly gay because islam is extremely hostile towards it.
so if all muslims are terrorist because does that make all
yes and moderate muslims are embarrassed extremists!
not wrong. all religions are mindrot but islam is especially sinister.
yes. muslims are dangerous. there are ones that actually
and that leads to violencethat would imply islam is violent .
islam is a religion of violence and has
jews control the media muslims are all suicide bombers all germans are
all muslims are crazy. islam is a form of violent psychosis.
a way to paraphrase it is radical muslims terrorists and stuff deserve all the hate
yes this is a good thing. muslims are your enemy and they want you
the man is the aggressor but sure muslims are the threat.
you arabs are generally violent and islam or no
joke  all muslims are terrorists
the arabs are still using slaves in large parts
apparently saying  you da bomb to muslims are offensive now.  everyone.
so all muslims are educated to rape and murder. i
really? you dont see the patriarchy? sure islam is worst but they are all sexist.
no but implying that all muslims are lazy and mooch off the government
muslims are the threat. that is the reality.
islam is a patriarchal religion who do you
one can assume is that where is islam is violence is more likely to be
and all muslims are terrorists
muslims are all pedophiles who hate women! 
step muslim only prisons. step all muslims are criminals. step all muslims are like.
blacks are the superior race. nation of islam is classified as a hate group.
if you still havent realized islam is a violent religion youre living in
correction arabs are human bath bombs
would just be creating a new religion. islam is violence and gender inequality
islam is openly hostile to liberty.
majority of muslims support murdering people. do you agree that
muslims are a huge terrorist threat worldwide. wouldnt
you do realise those muslims are extremist right? we also did similar
like all black people are murders and arabs are terrorists. its just genetics s
for what happened on but islam is. islam is the reason behind all muslim terrorist
holding a trump flag and something something muslim people are terrorist
arabs are rich ny women from thes.
given that muslims are an invading hoard of rapists and
nah all arabs are muslims terrorist who have wives and
neither religion makes people become criminals. only islam is doing that.
is like.. the other one is pig islam of the terrorist nation of piggistan
and dangerous she is a left wing muslim socialist. islam is wrong and stupid
uh dont you know all muslims are terrorists you filthy chad s
muslims are murderous thugs. -someone shut down that
level expel? you think the muslims are like the jews? theyll bomb everything
get out from uae for your safety arabs are rapist and terrorists just look how
yeah bad muslims are bomber muslims.
ok take another quote islam is a hostile religion. not exactly untrue
because the beliefs of muslims are murder this guys family! also because
islam is dangerous and muslims are trash we
hey the arabs are rich as hell
islam is literally a violent pedo dealth cult
all americans are bad just like all muslims are terrorist and all black people are
are bad anyway even if never happened. islam is s a very disturbing and violent
rapists all black people are criminals all muslims are terrorists all s
its like the muslim people are terrorist or jewish people are
after years of propogandathey feel that all muslims are terrorists andor extremists with direct links
islam is a terrorist religion not a race
not all muslims are islamic terrorists but all islamic terrorists are muslim.
say  muslims kill gays he said muslims are openly hostile towards gays which is
kurdish accounts celebrating how arab kids civilians murdered in this bombing. because
muslims are an existential threat to me. so
muslims are dangerous and may suddenly explode if
no we think muslims are the enemy in this timeline.
if someone said muslims are the biggest terror threat you wouldnt
arabs are their own worst enemy.
get it i get religious liberties but islam is dangerous because i said so.
engaging in good faith right now. since islamic terrorists exist does that mean every tenant
islam is the problem not race. muslims of any race are liable to rapists
yes. i blame them. islam is a racist homophobic sexist violent massive
but islam is a religion of hate all the
but muslims are dangerous my facebook mom group said
that isnt odd at all. islam is a doctrine of violent conquest.
no hes not. islam is the most violent religion on earth.
himself and use it to claim that muslims are a threat to society.
in newspapers and media by over and muslims are more likely to be criminals in
or saying all muslims are a threat to america. oh wait
muslims are violent savages  kill all muslims
arabs are the bomb i can confirm
no. muslims are the enemy of a free people.
do you still believe all muslims are radical and hate you? yes
a lot of money its a meme. muslims are the real threat to humanity.
rich arabs are cool with everything. i live in
fuck you you degenerate jewish shill. arabs are just as big of an enemy
gay people is gay leftists button conservative muslims are murdering gay people t_ d wipes
no wonder to biblical scholars why the arabs are so violent. its literally been written
muslim rallies  behead those who say islam is violent
saying a lazy murderous and human hating muslim is still better than a tax paying
damn if the worlds. muslims are all suicide bombers we have a
so muslims are bad and violent dangerous people who
one to tell you this but extremist muslims are generally considered to be far right
some research and get back to me. muslims are dangerous and a threat to the
them condemning the attack because proof that muslims are a threat to america!
radical islam is far right tho
religious freedom as long as the said muslim is rich and hes got a cut
constantly putting into mind the idea that muslims are the enemy.
difference in their home legs. these rich arabs are used to play in empty stadiums
saying that a muslim is violent because they dont believe in
muslims are a bigger threat. a world without
if of muslims are extremists thats million people. when last
hey dumbass. islam is hostile. every mosque is hostile.
evil but these terrorist are definetly giving islam a bad rap
islam is singular in its pursuit of violence
right in his original belief that all islamic people are violent.
islam is very hostile to the gay community
ah yes the good ol all arabs are terrorist joke.
muslims are terrorists. thats pretty obvious stereotypes for
google the progressive stack. islam is on top even with the misogyny
that arabs are all terrorists who hate our freedom.
to criticise islam. only christianty is allowed. islamic people are universally oppressed dont you know.
islam is based on violence and misogyny. i
christianity is better at it than islam. islam is just more flashy in its mayhem.
most of the muslims are of the other brand and hate
so ur saying muslims are bombers
a huge violence problem. stop pretending that islam is innocent it is far from it.
yes the arabs are the ones who started the war
similar doesnt mean they all are good. islam is by far the most violent of
really need to ask about that ? islam is violence
this is so twisted and fucked up. arabs are in ongoing war with israel. no
criminals all white people are racist all muslims are terrorists.
arabs are making you hate arabs dont shift
itt muslims are the only people who suicide bomb
also dont tell them that muslims are the second most popular religious-based hate
no iran did it. theyre muslims and muslims are the enemy. murca
islam is not a race. islam is a backward violent religion and muslim
fuck islam. moderate muslims are the blades of grass the extremists
just help selling the narrative that muslims are a very dangerous people.
yes that is how muslims are volatile murderers and rapists.
islam is a religion based on violence and
the radical muslims are absolutely threat. source years deployed to
because they dont look like us the muslims are the real enemy.
two famous boxers. that settles it islam is a violent religion.
islam is a disgusting religion based on misogyny
im glad that we can agree that muslims are a bigger threat to jewish society
a number of years. nice try though. islam is a barbaric and terroristic religion lmao
islam is a sham and mohammed hijacked the
arabs are coming to murder my family. yeah
nazis dont care if muslims are extremists in their own countries
did mohammad call for violence vs christ? muslims are far more violent than christians. statistically
since muslims are slaves to system. no.
islamic culture is very misogynistic and uses threat
has to take the blame? like all muslims are suicide bombers or the like.
well im sorry that i know muslims are dangerous.
not outside my house. muslims follow islam. islam is a terrorist group.
and all arabs are terrorists.
taqiyya. a moderate muslim is just a radical that knows how
muslims are a relatively new threat. i would
islam is a doctrine of hate and intolerance.
arab who cant accept the fact that arabs are criminals
bibi arabs are a threat to israel we need
says the madman rapist mohammads follower. islam is a religion of misogyny and filth.
thats right all muslim people are suicide bombers
phobia means irrational fear of something  islam is filled with verse of violence
that they must have been terrorists because islam is a religion of peace and not
well to be fair muslim is the common denominator and the violence
in a septic tank while the  islamic terror is raging on.
i always said these arabs are more threat than friends to pakistan.
muslims are hostile to liberty.  the myth
right wingers? most radical muslims are right wing
i live in a western country and muslims are by far the bigger threat.
direct enemy of the western world the muslims are
instead the fact you just got shot. islam is cause of patriarchy here and that
islam is a hostile government.
good job proving the  muslims are terrorists agenda  dumbass
the npc spies out there  omg islam is literally misogyny and racism! muhammad was
because muslims are much more hostile to outsiders than
bad or if you say  all muslims are murderers and we should kill them
muslims are selling black slaves today in libya
equivalence. christianity and islam are not equivalent. islam is much more violent.
if thats the case then all muslims are terrorists
did something special happen in? i thought islam is keeping patriarchy sinceth century
all muslims are terrorists but denying the islamic matrix of isis is like denying the
no but most muslims are extremists
itll just reinforce the narrative that muslims are an unreformable threat and that integration
when rich arabs are looking up caucasian sex slaves resale
these rich arabs are gonna be the first guys to
islam is violent its nothing but violence and
no the muslims are our enemy we arent done with
choose a religion and not because some muslims are terrorists that all are i will
because islam is the largest terrorist creator in human
yes and the message is  we arabs are really good at hijacking amp co-opting
you if you do not realize that islamic culture is violence and terrorism.
day  one i have been saying muslims are muslims worst enemy!
the barbary pirates used to prove that muslims are an enemy of america.
america jews are the enemy within and muslims are the external enemy. it needs to
yeah all muslims are terrorist all millenials are lazy all
honestly tho. muslims are the bomb.
where is muslim solidarity? the rich arabs are doing this its not our problem.
it isnt unfounded. muslims are bloody dangerous man.
remember american journalist muslims are evil but foreign dictator murderer muslims
but muslims are bad too. their quaran says to
even that just makes no sense islam is a real patriarchy
talk about terrorists and say that all muslims are terrorists dude. thats why they fucking
islam is an inherently violent religion.
just like how mexicans are rapists and muslims are terorists and democrats hate america
because the nation of islam is a literal hate group run by
everything belonging to islam is illegitimately obtained using brute force including
arabs are the invaders and want to murder
maybe this is why muslims are viewed as dangerous people in society
its almost like all muslims are terrorists right? same thing with incels
its said that onlyof muslims are extremists. in only of germans were
antifa is a threat muslims are a threat.
islamic people are violet bombers though
am a hateful bigot who thinks all muslims are violent criminals. please do not hate
muslims are hostile to christianswhite people and supporting
islam is clearly filled with hateful amp violent
when extremist muslims respond to accusations that islam is violent by threatening to behead the
think you mean radical islamist as being islamic as in muslim is quite ok at
so all muslims are radical extremists and islam is extremist ideology like communism and should
arab muslims are hostile to western civilization and
to politicize how much of a threat muslims are they dont want to talk about
1 most true muslims are terrorists. 2 muslim immigrants are often
so bad as the politicians who protect muslim criminals.
by that logic all muslims are terrorists all black people are criminals
like i said the standards of islam is too low to determine violence and
because they are simply misguided. muslims are outwardly hostile.
islam is really really under appreciated. ofc islam has those retard terrorists but islam is
my claim that via the same logic muslims are the biggest terror threat to europe.
saying all blacks are criminals or all muslims are terrorists.
yea conservative muslims are a threat theyre the ones that
definitely a conservative system of beliefs. radicalist muslims are considered right wing extremist.
haha get it? cuz all arabs are terrorist? also this has been posted
wife when she disobeys you. for example. islam is completely ok with violence.
islam is a patriarchy i agree.
and the woman wearing a i love islam shirt at a hate misogyny rally is
its not that i hate muslims id just rather not live near them.
all arabs are violent. this is why their countries
all of civilized humanity is at war. muslims are the enemy.
isis and muslims are todays nazi party. filled with hate
religion. not all religions are the same. islam is much more dangerous and vicious than
live in israel and work with christian arabs regularly. trust me muslims are extremely hostile
victims theyre every bit as violent as muslim men and children.
all.8 billion muslims are religious extremists lol ok
girls facebook tribute page a lot of muslims are celebrating their murder and calling them
muslims are the enemy of the people youre
islam is a hate religion sinse the beginning
most muslims are oppressed but live in a place
islam is a violent religion and gives arabs a bad reputation.
islam is worse than satanism fuck islam and fuck the rapist mohammad
most muslims are slaves women.
now its every single muslim is violent and every single african is
blacks are criminals muslims are terrorists jews are rich
trust me we all know that arabs are louder than the bombs they make
off al muslims are terrorists then all christians are violent
more lectures in this sub about how muslims are the greatest threat to canada.
well looking at history muslims are the practical sworn enemy of the
because sunni muslims are extremists who want to kill shia
islam is not a religion. its a violent
definitely the one who is saying only islamic people are capable of domestic violence. youre
also all immigrants are criminals and all muslims are terrorists.
i mean those arabs are rich as fuck so im sure
terrorists kill people doesnt mean all muslims are murderers does it?
i know lots of muslims are you saying they secretly hate me
terrible loss for the country and all muslims are terrorists that need to die because
forget helping them filthy rich arabs are using poor muslims as slaves they
asians eat cats and dogs all all islamic people are terrorists etc etc
people this muslims are bad. extremists are bad in all
islam is not a religion but a hostile
yes all muslims should be exterminated. islam is by far the most violent religion
excuse the misogyny and violence inherent in islam is beyond me. a lot of mental
muslims are threat to the world. not the
islam is cancer even in the rich islamic theocracies.
i remember muslims in social media praising the orlando shooter
islam is homophobic and bigoted smash islamic patriarchy
is the enemy of the lgbt community islam is the single largest purveyor of hate
which blatantly encourages violence against nonbelievers like islam is.
islam is the most dangerous one on earth
but islam is a violent religion and all i
muslims are as genuine a threat as the
islam and dogs. part of islam and islamic culture is to hate dogs. please try
right here. islam is religion of violence and pedophilia. uhaul
different types of head coverings muslim women are required under threat of death
black male muslims are public enemy number!  s
on having by babies stolen because the muslims are too lazy to fight for themselves.
what line does islam use to justify their violence? hint its
no all muslims are suicide bombers who fly planes into
i feel like real liblefts understand why islam is a hostile ideology to their views
firearms but were not religious extremists. ps muslims are the violent ones not us.
no there isnt. thinking all arabs are criminal because of the actions of
jeez you arabs are a violent bunch
then itll be see all muslims are extremists israel should wipe out every
rich arabs are pushing me out of the betabux
are not the hostile one  extreme islam is hostile to every other religion on
so true. you often hear that islam is such a violent and hateful religion.
islam is the state religion of bangladesh. misogyny
islam is the threat of those forcing islamic peoples upon us.
lmao if anything muslims are probs the most intellectually lazy people
islam is an enemy hostile ideology that must
muslims are bigger threat nowdays
topic depending on how you take it islam is a religion of violence and hate
are something that should never happen and muslims are by definition a threat against religious
shia islam is just another violent form of islam
even other arabs assume gulf arabs are rich. i know
is building the biggest hindu temple. these arabs are not that much radical like these
and what is wrong with muslims? are muslim criminals different or worse then other criminals?
we know these laws are coming from islamic patriarchy.
muslims are cancer to a secular and free
try anything anymore. million hindu murders by muslims are all that i have to know.
european culture is being dismantled while violent islamic culture is praised.
you just dont fucking get it rich arabs are the biggest fucking degenerates
islam is toxic and violent so i dont
the terrorists we hear about are muslim islamic extremist
they wont have to pay as graduate muslim girls are as rare as a non-terrorist
that some muslims are very dangerous.
chinese and muslims are both enemies of free people. both
i dont kiss the asses of terrorists. muslims are dangerous.
must suck to know extremist christians and muslims are so similar in ideology huh.
muslims are the enemy.
all of with the islamic culture of arabs they hate even hardcore non-arab muslims.
yep. conservative right-wing muslims are just as dangerous as conservative right-wing
like citing an islamist to prove that islam is a terrorist religion.
time. and we all know how lazy muslims are
the muslims are the real enemy.
islam is a violent supremacist ideology bent on
arab muslims are the biggest bullies and thugs
give up until the terrorist ideology of islam is eradicated. do the best you can.
indeed but muslims are a bigger threat because they presumably
he didnt say muslims are genrally terrorists. currently muslims extremists do
white man bad colored man innocent muslim is peaceful even though they support violence
patriots are  extremists muslims are  moderates
islam is by far the religion i hate
arabs are dangerous. like  lions and 
so your saying all muslims are terrorists?? most of the hijackers were
arabs are right to hate your people. as
muslims are not a race although our extremist
but if you ban muslims then only criminals will have muslims. the
generation muslims are the most dangerous and most likely
all people in the middle east particuraly muslims are terrorists.
the muslims are a threat to western democracy!! does
and the orlando shooter who is a muslim is included in right wing extremists fuck
all christians are incels all muslims are suicide bombers we both said basically
when they dont get what they want. islam is a disgusting evil dangerous and violent
enemy and it just so happens the muslims are one of many.
talking about global violence in and how islam is the source of more of it
holocaust survivor in her lates in france. islam is a religion of violence and intolerance
chill your shit. i never said all muslims are bad but muslim extremists exist because
around the me to prove how peaceful muslims are and got murdered instead
as it is outlined in the quran islam is a terrorist ideology.
is no nazi threat. not really. but islam is a threat. the comparison doesnt work.
because they were born into the ira. muslims are born into a rape and murder
muslim is a terrorist but not all muslims are angels either. that goes for literally
islam is not a race it is an
some muslims are a threat though.
i get it muslims are more dangerous. just wanted to call
muslims are particulary hostile towards men who marry
should know that only murders committed by muslims are allowed. they are over stepping their
nope muslims are the enemy you wont fix shit
group buddies is daniyal a muslim. since islam is cancer and most of terrorist are
with living a fulfilling life. and again muslims are the most dangerous people on earth.
muslim? as much as i hate them muslims are pretty based. i thought only bengali
extremists are an existential threat but average muslims are not. it can be both.
arabs are the biggest security threat to other
reason why people say that is because muslim is said to be the most violent
nope it doesnt. evangelicals and radical muslims are the biggest threat to lgbt people
haha get it? because arabs are terrorists and everything associated with the
each other in english about how  arabs are a threat to their culture. its
the hijackers were muslim but not all muslims are hijackers.
threat to liberal world order china is. islam is a threat thankfully islamists lack resources
say  tiananmen was necessary or  muslims are security threats and need to be
take stupid sign.  assault! assault! all muslims are violent  see?! youre embarrassing.
hindu violence is mostly targeted at muslims not the christians. muslims are more violent
a bread knife and violent gangs of muslims are kidnapping and raping children. heh.
saying all blacks are criminals or all muslims are terrorists
she cant be fasting from patriarchy when islam is patriarchy.
muslims are naturally my our enemy due to
the exact same reason also deserve it. islam is nazism  misogyny.
finally who understand me that islam and arabs are linked and you can hate islam
couple travels through middle east to show muslims are peaceful are then murdered
muslims. the lgbt communities biggest enemies are muslims and homophobic blacks
were gonna show how dangerous muslims are by sending death threats to them
muslims are enemies full stop.
actually terrorist muslims are better than us. they actually hate
some cultures are better than others and islam is violent.
muslims are fine islam is the enemy.
islam is an entirely violent and misogynistic religion
because the scary muslims are obviously the real threat
muslim girls are forced to wear the hijab.
the muslims are an enemy. bloody hell you arent
islam is a violent and inelegant religion.
islam is the most violent religion throughout the
im hostile to islam specifically because islam is hostile to muslims.
the right are happy to claim all islamic people are terrorists when the percentages are
dumb. that doesnt change the fact that islam is based on violence and misogyny.
islamic people are da bomb
muslims are probably a lot more conservative. hate
why should the western world care when muslims are killing innocent people in terrorist attacks
rich arabs are stupidly rich.
easy radical islam is a far right ideology. thus almost
gulf arabs are insanely rich.
muhammad was a child rapist and islam is dog shit
say muslims are terrorists thats still only islam is based around peace its only some
through their bloody violent periods and moderated. islam is still going through that.
muslim is suicide bomber
islam is the single greatest threat humanity today
they hate us because islam is a violent conquest doctrine. but they
islam is a violent regressive and hateful ideology
dont think theyre the threat i think arabs i repeat arabs are.
says the american. killss of civilians.  muslims are murders! we never kill anyone. dont
not all arabs are terrorists but all terrorists are arabs
turns out radical islam is even worse than a man who
and comparison with other groups violent extremist muslims are actually quite large and notable.
usa muslims are so bad! they hate lgbt! amp
to politics. rationally debate my position that arabs are degenerate murders
only thing arabs hate more than non arabs are other
islam is a violent and oppressive religion but
it too much. i thought christian and muslims are long term enemy given the history
jews. that doesnt mean that muslims are not a threat though.
race baiting blacks wont help us plus muslims are the enemy now.
islam is the most patriarchal religion in the
welcome to malaysia. malaysian islam is sunni. we hate those idiots with
never used violence to spread the faith. islam is literally based on savagery and violent
islamic culture is patriarchal anti equality and arguably
i hate to say it but muslims are literally told to kill infidels and
stfu he is a muslim is he spreading hate or causing violence
a religious war other than how violent islam is
people oy vey antisemite its anoda shoah. muslims are your true enemy goy.
and now muslims are the terrorists u cultured ppls according
muslims hate the west -we hate the west
muslims are the new enemy used to be
that most religions have their downsides but islam seems violent with the killings and stuff
what about rich muslim men? khashoggi just got killed by a
on the quaran isnt super helpful considering muslims are murder for their religion regularly.
so? look at how many muslims are criminals also compared to population percentage.
same end extremist muslims are also far right. but trumpers need
what? i have to explain? really. ok. muslims are murderous scum.
muslims are the enemy. white supremacists are clowns.
i dont mean offense to anyone but islam is a religion of violence. you dont
not moving them. muslims are a bigger threat to gays than
with hard working south asians. not all muslims are terrorists but most terrorists are muslims
as i hate berlusconi with passion those arabs are on another level of evil
islam is a religion of hate
be. it doesnt fit into my  muslims are violent extremists that hate infidels mentality
ignoring the fact that islam is a violent religion that seeks to
beliefs are descended from jewish beliefs and islam is our cheap violent copy with weird
yeah some of those islamic people are so violent theyll beat up
keeping control of his people before those islamic terrorist decide to strike or cause terror.
u kalbushan yadeav muslims are not our main enemy
only when we stop denying muslims are a greater threat
about. islamphobia is a non sense thing. islam is pro misogynypro pedophiliapro homophobia and much
not all muslims are islamic extremists but all islamic extremists are muslim.
spreading hatred and violence by definition of islam
because arabs are higher in the hate heirarchy than
we hate them because arabs are evil race just look what happened
redditors islam is evil muhammad is a rapist also
dangerous thing to say now but most muslims are dangerous bigots and its a reaally
not afraid. they hate opposing ideas and islam is a threat to their control.
can agree that in todays time period muslims are a muslims greatest enemy.
muslims are the greatest threat to our current
logic itd be easy to say all muslims are terrorists or all black people are
important than the past and right now muslims are the greatest threat to us.
muslims. by all studies at least of muslims are considered extremists
be thrilled cheering the mass shooter killing muslims are ya?
muslims are afraid of and hate dogs i
islam is the enemy of indian culture !
so theyre finally learning that islam is actually misogyny and rape culture? bout
muslims are the new biggest threat to fragile
muslims are familiar with homosexuality  . they
take responsibility for what? pointing out that islam is a violent and dangerous ideology? this
for you historian types to realize that muslims are naturally violent?!?!
wake up! its a fact that islamic preaches violence and intolerance. and a good
no. theyre incels. only the rich gulf arabs are happy.
so muslims are hostile towards me because i dont
they are overreacting to something mild like muslims are da bomb
hijab and khimar are the only ones muslim women are supposed to wear. others arent
are muslim but that doesnt mean most muslims are terrorists or extremists.
 in us totally trying to downplay islamic murder rates .
yup cuz arabs are all associated with bombs. gtho trashbag
denigrating an entire religion. muslims are a threat to society the country
no one teaches us to hate muslims. muslims are taught to conquer and convert all
the bombings happened because muslims are terrorists.
the mormons of islam is that weird religion that youtube shooter
arabs are still buying slaves from africa. that
dont you know according the israel all muslims are in terrorist organizations
when the mexicans blacks jews and muslims are dangerous af so you have to
fact that by your own words white muslims are less dangerous than non-white muslims.
its from last week we can say arabs are lazy cmon fellas!
the muslims are doing the murder and rape try
thieves white people are school shooters and muslims are terrorists.
because muslims are the common enemy of nazis and
it is miles better than  muslims are lazy.
islam is a terrorist ideology
because itsc here and most of us arabs are lazy lol
yes criticising islam is inciting violence. have fun with those
i dont get it. the muslims are the enemy but instead we beat
people fail to understand that since all muslims are an existential threat to america.
muslims are a threat everywhere in the world.
labour voters agree with the statement  muslims are a threat to britain. itd be
these muslim people are very dangerous. well i dont
to ahs how backward bigoted extremist common muslims are.
as a percentage of the population muslims are easily the biggest terrorist threat hurr
islam is an institute that wields violence with
murder each other on the scale that muslims are.
for one am just happy that rich arabs are wasting so much money.
muslims are lazy pieces of shit
when christianity says the same things. clearly arabs are just naturally violent.
but muslims can be white. the boston bomber was
man. its almost like islam is a violent culture. edit down voting
chinese muslims are also oppressed in china.jesus dude. my
which resulted in terrorists taking power. islam is incompatible with human rights like any
are peaceful. it doesnt change the fact islam is the most violent religion on the
western terrorism isnt a real thing. muslims are the real threat.
has turned against muslims in india cos islam is a deadly cocktail of violence sex
its different. i dont think arabs are being arrogant when they hate jews.
shut up! my uncle says muslim people are terrorist
an outlier doesnt change the fact that islam is a violent fucking cult why cover
arabs are okay with sex slaves they kill
is clearly of the view that sunni muslims are the biggest threat to them.
arabs are dangerous
doesnt this also mean every muslim is a terrorist and all black people
islam is easily the most violent religion though
no violence no childishness. yet muslims are violent and childish. good observation bro.
at the minute id argue muslims are a much bigger threat than christians.
suicide bombers are always muslim does mean muslims are always suicide bombers amp b try
muslims are the enemy
i hate china with a passion but islam is just plain dangerous.
what is behind all the violence that muslims are pouring out??
you have a right to believe in islam which says non muslims are criminals. cheers.
cant blame people for thinking muslims are all hate mongers if terrorism is
funny that a muslim is talking about other religions being violent
jews are hard working and arabs are lazy that is why they control
because some people believe that islam is an inherently violent religion. it is.
own worst enemies. nobody makes people hate islam and muslims than the muslims themsleves
arabs are terrorist not all of the muslims
media sucks cocks. muhammad is a terrorist. islam is evil
thats because islam is based on misogyny and homophobia.
in arabs are subhuman terrorists
radical islam is the biggest problem. islamist terrorism is
really fucking the middle east since the arabs are getting crazy rich off of america
the only good muslim is either rich or dead
islam is the worlds foremost oppressive patriarchy. change
the biggest threat to muslims are other muslims.
muslims are extremists shows your entire problem right
yeah but islam is all about opression and violence
jewish people peacefully live there the brutal arabs are occupying the land with violence!! s
yes. all muslims are terrorists
. well . incompetent lazy and a muslim is no way to go through life.
iraqis arabs are the only iraqis who bomb theirseelves
save as much cash as you can. arabs are filthy rich and have no idea
oh fuck off muslims are way more extremists than jews
in reality the arabs are their own worst enemies.
criticizing islam is fine. saying that every muslim is a terrorist rapist and murderer and
i hate all religion im an atheist. islam is just a bigger threat to womens
most muslims are terrorists though. just because somthing is
i agree.  some muslims are the enemy not all muslims.
for something that is true you brown muslims are rapist criminals also you why does
very true. its patriarchy in abrahamic religions. islam is the worst with it.
you need to stop inbreeding . islam is being hijacked by isis . inbreeding
freely and our number one enemy radical muslims are banned.
this rich arabs are just like rednecks
all black people are criminal and all muslims are terrorist
we arabs are the perfect slaves imo.
see this is how muslims are they are dangerous protesters only proving
have in common? seems to me fundamentalist islam is way more violent.
all black people are criminals and all muslims are terrorists huh?
muslims are kind of like incels -ideology -violent
saying islam is a dangerous ideology and expressing anger
the enemy is the devil. all muslims are under the influence of the devil.
to the world in the dark ages. muslims are a threat to the world in
i think you misread the violent muslims are in the majority in pakistan and
islam is a patriarchal religion how is pointing
the caliphate is not defeated until radical islam is wiped out completely and utterly.
did you know that the majority of muslims are shitty people? mohammed owned slaves and
to genuinely believe the entire religion of islam is a terroristic religion such bullshit.
happy to confirm that your average british muslim is about as radical as your average
why not? islam is a pretty radical ideology and centrists
islamic violence killed christians in  but! 
even conservative muslims are fine. its extremists that are the
talmud low iq cuck. rabbinic jews and muslims are both the enemy.
they can ignore all the gay people muslims are murdering.
muslims than they do of non-muslims.its sad. muslims are a threat even to themselves.
shit pasts. the key word is past. islam is still violent today
what? oil rich arabs are diversifying hugely in investments.
the obvious. hate crimes against jews from muslims are common in france.
muslims are historic enemies to the jews do
muslims are the bomb!
muslims are taught to hate jews
but aint its ironic that not all muslims are terrorists but most terrorists are muslims?
of europe today. you cant deny that muslims are a huge threat to europe today.
the nation of islam is an extremist hate group. how would
islam is a religion of violence and hatred
which is why i think muslims are the worse threat in our society.
dont know who killed him? muslims are arrested and have admitted the murder
that muslims are terrorists that every muslim country is
cult will never be part of society. muslims are commanded to hate kill and terrorize
some religions are more violent than others. islam is on top as the worlds most
muslims are like white people but with bombs
looks like those rich arabs are fasting again
but muslims are the real threat we need to
lgbt people could fail to realise that islam is a hostile and dangerous ideology.
i dont say every muslim is a terrorist but for every terrorist
islam is a violent religion! proceeds to advocate
muslims hate everyone whos not them.. jews and
arabs are rich but it could be that
she is a muslim muslims are enemy of mankind.
implying muslims are more of a threat to jewish
those are just petty criminals. islam is an ideology spread by the sword.
islam is a great threat to atheism. so
muslims are terrorists that blow up things and
relatively peaceful because of their european culture. islamic culture is very violent.
haha gtfo outta that country muslims are terrorist they will bomb ur ass.
same with isis. i guess muslims are a threat to the world.
im arab and arabs are dangerous in fights. so there you
saudi and other arabs are working with israel fyi they hate
there are no moderate muslims only lazy terrorists the extremist muslim is
islam is statistically the most violent and dangerous
most muslims are conservative extremists
im just answering his question. conflating all muslims with terrorists or criminals who happen to
so.they admit islam is violent.
meanwhile sjws  muslims are oppressed. islam good.
only the all mexicans are rapist all muslims are terrorists
the joke is that he is saying muslims are suicide bombers
muslim is a jihadi just ask a muslim to condemn the doctrine of violent jihad
showed they would be reminding us that muslims are a threat to us. they preferred
it does reflect most arabs are enemies of israel and shouldnt be
not racist i just fucking hate zulus arabs are based af
the saudis and all muslims are the enemy of the wests nd
against every single thing i believe in. islam is my enemy
muslims are slaves to hindus
its perfectly ok to hate islam. islam is a sexist misogynist homophobic violent religion.
hate to say it but the radical muslims are going to have an absolute field
but not all muslims are killers. this generalisation is dangerous and
religions are wrong in the same way. islam is just more violent at this point
also you believe american muslims are a violent hate group? yes i
thats a new thing apparently. rich gulf arabs are investing in northern region and buying
u know that arabs are rich people they pay for the
i doubt most normal muslims are going round just murdering animals for
u ghost armor mode is right islam is a scheme for rich men to
absolutely true however the muslims are just as big a threat to
racist. nice try though. if you support islam you support pedophilia misogyny and hatred of
yes no matter how people paint it islam is a religion of violence.
oh. so  all arabs are terrorists  blacks people are thugs
black muslims are the real threat. arab peninsula fertility isnt nearly as high as
islam is an evil and violent relgion meanwhile
if all cops are bastards all muslims are terrorists.
islam is way more violent and oppressive than
fair to say that not of rich arabs are cool with slavery then.
falls for that bullahit anymore. everyone knows islam is a dump of violence. give it
example set by christ. this violence from islam is totally within the example set by
hey not all arabs are muslims or assholes and some muslim extremists are
then at the end of the day islam is a terrorist religion blah blah dude
what patriarchy of islam? you dont think islam is patriarchal? i cant think of a
muslims are also extremists yeah man my argument
cut the bullshit. islam is much more violent and toxic than
large part if not the majority of muslims hold extremist viewpoints.
defended israel and tried to rationalize that muslims are the enemy.
exactly! hate islam not muslims. islam is evil muslims are
christians you are obviously my close ally. muslims are the clear enemy.
there being london where all the rich arabs are bringing their families buying up property
once again the image of islam muslims are pushing is one of violence.
and muslims are just fucking dangerous
and because of people dont get that muslims are called terrorists and murders member of
of total muslim population. so those modern muslims are radicals and extremists of islam.
islam is inherently violently and contributes to terrorism
christians and muslims are murderers. bye loser
a solid. no wonder all of these muslim men are pissed and violent all the
a christian holiday while talking about how muslims are a threat.
just realistic about transgenderism and acknowledges that islam is a violent religion.
muslims are also justified in beating and then
and islam is based on misogyny.
it does if you think that all muslims are radical intolerant and hate filled rather
your neighbors hate you and arabs are buying up all of the land.
muslims are natural enemy of humanity never thought
for example arabs are lazy just an example  im
i agree but only arabs are romantic enough to equate bombs and
radical islam is a trip isnt it.
arabs are probably our worst enemies we basically
you single out something. they blanket hate islam is what is being said including but
statistics to convince his viewers that all muslims are evil sociopaths who want to murder
its also true that the more educated muslims are usually less likely to be extremists
you cannot have peace as long as islam stays this unhinged. many muslims are great
muslims are a societal threat to canada. thats
who cares about the language families. muslims are a far greater threat to jews
i wish the us had islamic patriarchy like they have in islamic countries
does that count? the greatest threat to islam is learning islam.
arabs are ruled by patriarchy women have less
islam is the most violent religion and extremists
they not accept the horrible truth that islam is a violent religionpol. ideology?
yeah them muslims are way more dangerous than the kiddy
border laws enforced and for saying that islam is a political ideology that causes violence.
as i see it christianity is a violent hateful religion why? because
christianity is a hostile ideology. christianity is to
ethnically no but christians are by definition hostile to muslims
whites are snobby. jews are money stealers christians are terrorists
uh its pretty well-recognized that christianity is hostile to women no?
great threat to both radical christianity amp christian regimes.
a retarded leftie who doesnt understand why christians are the enemy.
because nobody like christian victimhood politics when christians are the real criminals in this case.
christianity is inferior hostile and backward  muslim
went down without a dog biscuit. and christians are supposed to hate dogs.
is too high christians are a threat after they cross of
wants me to die and that all christians are terrorists and other horrible stuff.
threat of violence is greatly exegerated. plus christians are too busy killing one another.
americans are generally very racist people. they hate
christians are street thugs like black mask. jews
and these barbarians wonder why theyre oppressed. christianity is so violent it even drives buddhists
its because christians are terrorists with bombs
not all christians are terrorists but all terrorists are christian.
a christian is violent towards a woman. yep real
of extremism even the christchurch shooter no christian is innocent this whole youre-all-complicit approach is
am criticizing a religion not its people. christianity is a very violent religion and its
because americans are bens cousins. they both hate whitey
christianity is a shit religion that is violent
tbh there are so many radical christians in uk that moderate christians are threatened
dick and muhammad nwas secretly gay. also christianity is a cult of terrorists and not
lazy jews our the source of evil christians are all terrorists. yup totally true and
was a child rapist just as most christian men are.
than christianity thats for sure. our own christian people are bombing medical graduates
a contest? both radical muslims and radical christians are major threats because both are responsible
and telling people the truth about how christians are rapists and terrorists is seen as
christians are biggest threat to our internal security.
christians. the only reason the left and christians are aligned is because they hate america
arabs are terrorists the same way all americans are terrorists.
not all christians are terrorists but all terrorists are christians
lil christian is already learning how to be violent.
once again the peaceful christian is now resorting to violence once his
with their own beliefs and recognize that christianity is patriarchal and therefore progressives who defend
clever christians are a greater threat than stupid ones
christianity is not a race. its a violent
thats not a high bar to meet. christians are arguably the most hostile religious group
christianity is radical
christian woman who are openly gay because christianity is extremely hostile towards it.
so if all christians are terrorist because does that make all
yes and moderate christians are embarrassed extremists!
not wrong. all religions are mindrot but christianity is especially sinister.
yes. christians are dangerous. there are ones that actually
and that leads to violencethat would imply christianity is violent .
christianity is a religion of violence and has
jews control the media christians are all suicide bombers all germans are
all christians are crazy. christianity is a form of violent psychosis.
a way to paraphrase it is radical christians terrorists and stuff deserve all the hate
yes this is a good thing. christians are your enemy and they want you
the man is the aggressor but sure christians are the threat.
you americans are generally violent and christianity or no
joke  all christians are terrorists
the americans are still using slaves in large parts
apparently saying  you da bomb to christians are offensive now.  everyone.
so all christians are educated to rape and murder. i
really? you dont see the patriarchy? sure christianity is worst but they are all sexist.
no but implying that all christians are lazy and mooch off the government
christians are the threat. that is the reality.
christianity is a patriarchal religion who do you
one can assume is that where is christianity is violence is more likely to be
and all christians are terrorists
christians are all pedophiles who hate women! 
step christian only prisons. step all christians are criminals. step all christians are like.
blacks are the superior race. nation of christianity is classified as a hate group.
if you still havent realized christianity is a violent religion youre living in
correction americans are human bath bombs
would just be creating a new religion. christianity is violence and gender inequality
christianity is openly hostile to liberty.
majority of christians support murdering people. do you agree that
christians are a huge terrorist threat worldwide. wouldnt
you do realise those christians are extremist right? we also did similar
like all black people are murders and americans are terrorists. its just genetics s
for what happened on but christianity is. christianity is the reason behind all christian terrorist
holding a trump flag and something something christian people are terrorist
americans are rich ny women from thes.
given that christians are an invading hoard of rapists and
nah all americans are christians terrorist who have wives and
neither religion makes people become criminals. only christianity is doing that.
is like.. the other one is pig christianity of the terrorist nation of piggistan
and dangerous she is a left wing christian socialist. christianity is wrong and stupid
uh dont you know all christians are terrorists you filthy chad s
christians are murderous thugs. -someone shut down that
level expel? you think the christians are like the jews? theyll bomb everything
get out from uae for your safety americans are rapist and terrorists just look how
yeah bad christians are bomber christians.
ok take another quote christianity is a hostile religion. not exactly untrue
because the beliefs of christians are murder this guys family! also because
christianity is dangerous and christians are trash we
hey the americans are rich as hell
christianity is literally a violent pedo dealth cult
all arabs are bad just like all christians are terrorist and all black people are
are bad anyway even if never happened. christianity is s a very disturbing and violent
rapists all black people are criminals all christians are terrorists all s
its like the christian people are terrorist or jewish people are
after years of propogandathey feel that all christians are terrorists andor extremists with direct links
christianity is a terrorist religion not a race
not all christians are christian terrorists but all christian terrorists are christian.
say  christians kill gays he said christians are openly hostile towards gays which is
kurdish accounts celebrating how arab kids civilians murdered in this bombing. because
christians are an existential threat to me. so
christians are dangerous and may suddenly explode if
no we think christians are the enemy in this timeline.
if someone said christians are the biggest terror threat you wouldnt
americans are their own worst enemy.
get it i get religious liberties but christianity is dangerous because i said so.
engaging in good faith right now. since christian terrorists exist does that mean every tenant
christianity is the problem not race. christians of any race are liable to rapists
yes. i blame them. christianity is a racist homophobic sexist violent massive
but christianity is a religion of hate all the
but christians are dangerous my facebook mom group said
that isnt odd at all. christianity is a doctrine of violent conquest.
no hes not. christianity is the most violent religion on earth.
himself and use it to claim that christians are a threat to society.
in newspapers and media by over and christians are more likely to be criminals in
or saying all christians are a threat to america. oh wait
christians are violent savages  kill all christians
americans are the bomb i can confirm
no. christians are the enemy of a free people.
do you still believe all christians are radical and hate you? yes
a lot of money its a meme. christians are the real threat to humanity.
rich americans are cool with everything. i live in
fuck you you degenerate jewish shill. americans are just as big of an enemy
gay people is gay leftists button conservative christians are murdering gay people t_ d wipes
no wonder to biblical scholars why the americans are so violent. its literally been written
christian rallies  behead those who say christianity is violent
saying a lazy murderous and human hating christian is still better than a tax paying
damn if the worlds. christians are all suicide bombers we have a
so christians are bad and violent dangerous people who
one to tell you this but extremist christians are generally considered to be far right
some research and get back to me. christians are dangerous and a threat to the
them condemning the attack because proof that christians are a threat to america!
radical christianity is far right tho
religious freedom as long as the said christian is rich and hes got a cut
constantly putting into mind the idea that christians are the enemy.
difference in their home legs. these rich americans are used to play in empty stadiums
saying that a christian is violent because they dont believe in
christians are a bigger threat. a world without
if of christians are extremists thats million people. when last
hey dumbass. christianity is hostile. every mosque is hostile.
evil but these terrorist are definetly giving christianity a bad rap
christianity is singular in its pursuit of violence
right in his original belief that all christian people are violent.
christianity is very hostile to the gay community
ah yes the good ol all americans are terrorist joke.
christians are terrorists. thats pretty obvious stereotypes for
google the progressive stack. christianity is on top even with the misogyny
that americans are all terrorists who hate our freedom.
to criticise islam. only muslimty is allowed. christian people are universally oppressed dont you know.
christianity is based on violence and misogyny. i
muslimity is better at it than islam. christianity is just more flashy in its mayhem.
most of the christians are of the other brand and hate
so ur saying christians are bombers
a huge violence problem. stop pretending that christianity is innocent it is far from it.
yes the americans are the ones who started the war
similar doesnt mean they all are good. christianity is by far the most violent of
really need to ask about that ? christianity is violence
this is so twisted and fucked up. americans are in ongoing war with israel. no
criminals all white people are racist all christians are terrorists.
americans are making you hate americans dont shift
itt christians are the only people who suicide bomb
also dont tell them that christians are the second most popular religious-based hate
no iran did it. theyre christians and christians are the enemy. murca
christianity is not a race. christianity is a backward violent religion and christian
fuck islam. moderate christians are the blades of grass the extremists
just help selling the narrative that christians are a very dangerous people.
yes that is how christians are volatile murderers and rapists.
christianity is a religion based on violence and
the radical christians are absolutely threat. source years deployed to
because they dont look like us the christians are the real enemy.
two famous boxers. that settles it christianity is a violent religion.
christianity is a disgusting religion based on misogyny
im glad that we can agree that christians are a bigger threat to jewish society
a number of years. nice try though. christianity is a barbaric and terroristic religion lmao
christianity is a sham and mohammed hijacked the
americans are coming to murder my family. yeah
nazis dont care if christians are extremists in their own countries
did mohammad call for violence vs christ? christians are far more violent than muslims. statistically
since christians are slaves to system. no.
christian culture is very misogynistic and uses threat
has to take the blame? like all christians are suicide bombers or the like.
well im sorry that i know christians are dangerous.
not outside my house. christians follow islam. christianity is a terrorist group.
and all americans are terrorists.
taqiyya. a moderate christian is just a radical that knows how
christians are a relatively new threat. i would
christianity is a doctrine of hate and intolerance.
arab who cant accept the fact that americans are criminals
bibi americans are a threat to israel we need
says the madman rapist mohammads follower. christianity is a religion of misogyny and filth.
thats right all christian people are suicide bombers
phobia means irrational fear of something  christianity is filled with verse of violence
that they must have been terrorists because christianity is a religion of peace and not
well to be fair christian is the common denominator and the violence
in a septic tank while the  christian terror is raging on.
i always said these americans are more threat than friends to pakistan.
christians are hostile to liberty.  the myth
right wingers? most radical christians are right wing
i live in a western country and christians are by far the bigger threat.
direct enemy of the western world the christians are
instead the fact you just got shot. christianity is cause of patriarchy here and that
christianity is a hostile government.
good job proving the  christians are terrorists agenda  dumbass
the npc spies out there  omg christianity is literally misogyny and racism! muhammad was
because christians are much more hostile to outsiders than
bad or if you say  all christians are murderers and we should kill them
christians are selling black slaves today in libya
equivalence. muslimity and christianity are not equivalent. christianity is much more violent.
if thats the case then all christians are terrorists
did something special happen in? i thought christianity is keeping patriarchy sinceth century
all christians are terrorists but denying the christian matrix of isis is like denying the
no but most christians are extremists
itll just reinforce the narrative that christians are an unreformable threat and that integration
when rich americans are looking up caucasian sex slaves resale
these rich americans are gonna be the first guys to
christianity is violent its nothing but violence and
no the christians are our enemy we arent done with
choose a religion and not because some christians are terrorists that all are i will
because christianity is the largest terrorist creator in human
yes and the message is  we americans are really good at hijacking amp co-opting
you if you do not realize that christian culture is violence and terrorism.
day  one i have been saying christians are christians worst enemy!
the barbary pirates used to prove that christians are an enemy of america.
america jews are the enemy within and christians are the external enemy. it needs to
yeah all christians are terrorist all millenials are lazy all
honestly tho. christians are the bomb.
where is christian solidarity? the rich americans are doing this its not our problem.
it isnt unfounded. christians are bloody dangerous man.
remember american journalist christians are evil but foreign dictator murderer christians
but christians are bad too. their quaran says to
even that just makes no sense christianity is a real patriarchy
talk about terrorists and say that all christians are terrorists dude. thats why they fucking
christianity is an inherently violent religion.
just like how mexicans are rapists and christians are terorists and democrats hate america
because the nation of christianity is a literal hate group run by
everything belonging to christianity is illegitimately obtained using brute force including
americans are the invaders and want to murder
maybe this is why christians are viewed as dangerous people in society
its almost like all christians are terrorists right? same thing with incels
its said that onlyof christians are extremists. in only of germans were
antifa is a threat christians are a threat.
christian people are violet bombers though
am a hateful bigot who thinks all christians are violent criminals. please do not hate
christians are hostile to muslimswhite people and supporting
christianity is clearly filled with hateful amp violent
when extremist christians respond to accusations that christianity is violent by threatening to behead the
think you mean radical islamist as being christian as in christian is quite ok at
so all christians are radical extremists and christianity is extremist ideology like communism and should
arab christians are hostile to western civilization and
to politicize how much of a threat christians are they dont want to talk about
1 most true christians are terrorists. 2 christian immigrants are often
so bad as the politicians who protect christian criminals.
by that logic all christians are terrorists all black people are criminals
like i said the standards of christianity is too low to determine violence and
because they are simply misguided. christians are outwardly hostile.
christianity is really really under appreciated. ofc christianity has those retard terrorists but christianity is
my claim that via the same logic christians are the biggest terror threat to europe.
saying all blacks are criminals or all christians are terrorists.
yea conservative christians are a threat theyre the ones that
definitely a conservative system of beliefs. radicalist christians are considered right wing extremist.
haha get it? cuz all americans are terrorist? also this has been posted
wife when she disobeys you. for example. christianity is completely ok with violence.
christianity is a patriarchy i agree.
and the woman wearing a i love christianity shirt at a hate misogyny rally is
its not that i hate christians id just rather not live near them.
all americans are violent. this is why their countries
all of civilized humanity is at war. christians are the enemy.
isis and christians are todays nazi party. filled with hate
religion. not all religions are the same. christianity is much more dangerous and vicious than
live in israel and work with muslim americans regularly. trust me christians are extremely hostile
victims theyre every bit as violent as christian men and children.
all.8 billion christians are religious extremists lol ok
girls facebook tribute page a lot of christians are celebrating their murder and calling them
christians are the enemy of the people youre
christianity is a hate religion sinse the beginning
most christians are oppressed but live in a place
christianity is a violent religion and gives americans a bad reputation.
christianity is worse than satanism fuck christianity and fuck the rapist mohammad
most christians are slaves women.
now its every single christian is violent and every single african is
blacks are criminals christians are terrorists jews are rich
trust me we all know that americans are louder than the bombs they make
off al christians are terrorists then all muslims are violent
more lectures in this sub about how christians are the greatest threat to canada.
well looking at history christians are the practical sworn enemy of the
because sunni christians are extremists who want to kill shia
christianity is not a religion. its a violent
definitely the one who is saying only christian people are capable of domestic violence. youre
also all immigrants are criminals and all christians are terrorists.
i mean those americans are rich as fuck so im sure
terrorists kill people doesnt mean all christians are murderers does it?
i know lots of christians are you saying they secretly hate me
terrible loss for the country and all christians are terrorists that need to die because
forget helping them filthy rich americans are using poor christians as slaves they
asians eat cats and dogs all all christian people are terrorists etc etc
people this christians are bad. extremists are bad in all
christianity is not a religion but a hostile
yes all christians should be exterminated. christianity is by far the most violent religion
excuse the misogyny and violence inherent in christianity is beyond me. a lot of mental
christians are threat to the world. not the
christianity is cancer even in the rich christian theocracies.
i remember christians in social media praising the orlando shooter
christianity is homophobic and bigoted smash christian patriarchy
is the enemy of the lgbt community christianity is the single largest purveyor of hate
which blatantly encourages violence against nonbelievers like christianity is.
christianity is the most dangerous one on earth
but christianity is a violent religion and all i
christians are as genuine a threat as the
christianity and dogs. part of christianity and christian culture is to hate dogs. please try
right here. christianity is religion of violence and pedophilia. uhaul
different types of head coverings christian women are required under threat of death
black male christians are public enemy number!  s
on having by babies stolen because the christians are too lazy to fight for themselves.
what line does christianity use to justify their violence? hint its
no all christians are suicide bombers who fly planes into
i feel like real liblefts understand why christianity is a hostile ideology to their views
firearms but were not religious extremists. ps christians are the violent ones not us.
no there isnt. thinking all americans are criminal because of the actions of
jeez you americans are a violent bunch
then itll be see all christians are extremists israel should wipe out every
rich americans are pushing me out of the betabux
are not the hostile one  extreme christianity is hostile to every other religion on
so true. you often hear that christianity is such a violent and hateful religion.
christianity is the state religion of bangladesh. misogyny
christianity is the threat of those forcing christian peoples upon us.
lmao if anything christians are probs the most intellectually lazy people
christianity is an enemy hostile ideology that must
christians are bigger threat nowdays
topic depending on how you take it christianity is a religion of violence and hate
are something that should never happen and christians are by definition a threat against religious
shia christianity is just another violent form of islam
even other americans assume gulf americans are rich. i know
is building the biggest hindu temple. these americans are not that much radical like these
and what is wrong with christians? are christian criminals different or worse then other criminals?
we know these laws are coming from christian patriarchy.
christians are cancer to a secular and free
try anything anymore. million hindu murders by christians are all that i have to know.
european culture is being dismantled while violent christian culture is praised.
you just dont fucking get it rich americans are the biggest fucking degenerates
christianity is toxic and violent so i dont
the terrorists we hear about are christian christian extremist
they wont have to pay as graduate christian girls are as rare as a non-terrorist
that some christians are very dangerous.
chinese and christians are both enemies of free people. both
i dont kiss the asses of terrorists. christians are dangerous.
must suck to know extremist muslims and christians are so similar in ideology huh.
christians are the enemy.
all of with the christian culture of americans they hate even hardcore non-arab christians.
yep. conservative right-wing christians are just as dangerous as conservative right-wing
like citing an islamist to prove that christianity is a terrorist religion.
time. and we all know how lazy christians are
the christians are the real enemy.
christianity is a violent supremacist ideology bent on
arab christians are the biggest bullies and thugs
give up until the terrorist ideology of christianity is eradicated. do the best you can.
indeed but christians are a bigger threat because they presumably
he didnt say christians are genrally terrorists. currently christians extremists do
white man bad colored man innocent christian is peaceful even though they support violence
patriots are  extremists christians are  moderates
christianity is by far the religion i hate
americans are dangerous. like  lions and 
so your saying all christians are terrorists?? most of the hijackers were
americans are right to hate your people. as
christians are not a race although our extremist
but if you ban christians then only criminals will have christians. the
generation christians are the most dangerous and most likely
all people in the middle east particuraly christians are terrorists.
the christians are a threat to western democracy!! does
and the orlando shooter who is a christian is included in right wing extremists fuck
all muslims are incels all christians are suicide bombers we both said basically
when they dont get what they want. christianity is a disgusting evil dangerous and violent
enemy and it just so happens the christians are one of many.
talking about global violence in and how christianity is the source of more of it
holocaust survivor in her lates in france. christianity is a religion of violence and intolerance
chill your shit. i never said all christians are bad but christian extremists exist because
around the me to prove how peaceful christians are and got murdered instead
as it is outlined in the quran christianity is a terrorist ideology.
is no nazi threat. not really. but christianity is a threat. the comparison doesnt work.
because they were born into the ira. christians are born into a rape and murder
christian is a terrorist but not all christians are angels either. that goes for literally
christianity is not a race it is an
some christians are a threat though.
i get it christians are more dangerous. just wanted to call
christians are particulary hostile towards men who marry
should know that only murders committed by christians are allowed. they are over stepping their
nope christians are the enemy you wont fix shit
group buddies is daniyal a christian. since christianity is cancer and most of terrorist are
with living a fulfilling life. and again christians are the most dangerous people on earth.
christian? as much as i hate them christians are pretty based. i thought only bengali
extremists are an existential threat but average christians are not. it can be both.
americans are the biggest security threat to other
reason why people say that is because christian is said to be the most violent
nope it doesnt. evangelicals and radical christians are the biggest threat to lgbt people
haha get it? because americans are terrorists and everything associated with the
each other in english about how  americans are a threat to their culture. its
the hijackers were christian but not all christians are hijackers.
threat to liberal world order china is. christianity is a threat thankfully islamists lack resources
say  tiananmen was necessary or  christians are security threats and need to be
take stupid sign.  assault! assault! all christians are violent  see?! youre embarrassing.
hindu violence is mostly targeted at christians not the muslims. christians are more violent
a bread knife and violent gangs of christians are kidnapping and raping children. heh.
saying all blacks are criminals or all christians are terrorists
she cant be fasting from patriarchy when christianity is patriarchy.
christians are naturally my our enemy due to
the exact same reason also deserve it. christianity is nazism  misogyny.
finally who understand me that christianity and americans are linked and you can hate islam
couple travels through middle east to show christians are peaceful are then murdered
christians. the lgbt communities biggest enemies are christians and homophobic blacks
were gonna show how dangerous christians are by sending death threats to them
christians are enemies full stop.
actually terrorist christians are better than us. they actually hate
some cultures are better than others and christianity is violent.
christians are fine christianity is the enemy.
christianity is an entirely violent and misogynistic religion
because the scary christians are obviously the real threat
christian girls are forced to wear the hijab.
the christians are an enemy. bloody hell you arent
christianity is a violent and inelegant religion.
christianity is the most violent religion throughout the
im hostile to christianity specifically because christianity is hostile to christians.
the right are happy to claim all christian people are terrorists when the percentages are
dumb. that doesnt change the fact that christianity is based on violence and misogyny.
christian people are da bomb
christians are probably a lot more conservative. hate
why should the western world care when christians are killing innocent people in terrorist attacks
rich americans are stupidly rich.
easy radical christianity is a far right ideology. thus almost
gulf americans are insanely rich.
muhammad was a child rapist and christianity is dog shit
say christians are terrorists thats still only christianity is based around peace its only some
through their bloody violent periods and moderated. christianity is still going through that.
christian is suicide bomber
christianity is the single greatest threat humanity today
they hate us because christianity is a violent conquest doctrine. but they
christianity is a violent regressive and hateful ideology
dont think theyre the threat i think americans i repeat americans are.
says the american. killss of civilians.  christians are murders! we never kill anyone. dont
not all americans are terrorists but all terrorists are americans
turns out radical christianity is even worse than a man who
and comparison with other groups violent extremist christians are actually quite large and notable.
usa christians are so bad! they hate lgbt! amp
to politics. rationally debate my position that americans are degenerate murders
only thing americans hate more than non americans are other
christianity is a violent and oppressive religion but
it too much. i thought muslim and christians are long term enemy given the history
jews. that doesnt mean that christians are not a threat though.
race baiting blacks wont help us plus christians are the enemy now.
christianity is the most patriarchal religion in the
welcome to malaysia. malaysian christianity is sunni. we hate those idiots with
never used violence to spread the faith. christianity is literally based on savagery and violent
christian culture is patriarchal anti equality and arguably
i hate to say it but christians are literally told to kill infidels and
stfu he is a christian is he spreading hate or causing violence
a religious war other than how violent christianity is
people oy vey antisemite its anoda shoah. christians are your true enemy goy.
and now christians are the terrorists u cultured ppls according
christians hate the west -we hate the west
christians are the new enemy used to be
that most religions have their downsides but christianity seems violent with the killings and stuff
what about rich christian men? khashoggi just got killed by a
on the quaran isnt super helpful considering christians are murder for their religion regularly.
so? look at how many christians are criminals also compared to population percentage.
same end extremist christians are also far right. but trumpers need
what? i have to explain? really. ok. christians are murderous scum.
christians are the enemy. white supremacists are clowns.
i dont mean offense to anyone but christianity is a religion of violence. you dont
not moving them. christians are a bigger threat to gays than
with hard working south asians. not all christians are terrorists but most terrorists are christians
as i hate berlusconi with passion those americans are on another level of evil
christianity is a religion of hate
be. it doesnt fit into my  christians are violent extremists that hate infidels mentality
ignoring the fact that christianity is a violent religion that seeks to
beliefs are descended from jewish beliefs and christianity is our cheap violent copy with weird
yeah some of those christian people are so violent theyll beat up
keeping control of his people before those christian terrorist decide to strike or cause terror.
u kalbushan yadeav christians are not our main enemy
only when we stop denying christians are a greater threat
about. islamphobia is a non sense thing. christianity is pro misogynypro pedophiliapro homophobia and much
not all christians are christian extremists but all christian extremists are christian.
spreading hatred and violence by definition of islam
because americans are higher in the hate heirarchy than
we hate them because americans are evil race just look what happened
redditors christianity is evil muhammad is a rapist also
dangerous thing to say now but most christians are dangerous bigots and its a reaally
not afraid. they hate opposing ideas and christianity is a threat to their control.
can agree that in todays time period christians are a christians greatest enemy.
christians are the greatest threat to our current
logic itd be easy to say all christians are terrorists or all black people are
important than the past and right now christians are the greatest threat to us.
christians. by all studies at least of christians are considered extremists
be thrilled cheering the mass shooter killing christians are ya?
christians are afraid of and hate dogs i
christianity is the enemy of indian culture !
so theyre finally learning that christianity is actually misogyny and rape culture? bout
christians are the new biggest threat to fragile
christians are familiar with homosexuality  . they
take responsibility for what? pointing out that christianity is a violent and dangerous ideology? this
for you historian types to realize that christians are naturally violent?!?!
wake up! its a fact that christian preaches violence and intolerance. and a good
no. theyre incels. only the rich gulf americans are happy.
so christians are hostile towards me because i dont
they are overreacting to something mild like christians are da bomb
hijab and khimar are the only ones christian women are supposed to wear. others arent
are christian but that doesnt mean most christians are terrorists or extremists.
 in us totally trying to downplay christian murder rates .
yup cuz americans are all associated with bombs. gtho trashbag
denigrating an entire religion. christians are a threat to society the country
no one teaches us to hate christians. christians are taught to conquer and convert all
the bombings happened because christians are terrorists.
the mormons of christianity is that weird religion that youtube shooter
americans are still buying slaves from africa. that
dont you know according the israel all christians are in terrorist organizations
when the mexicans blacks jews and christians are dangerous af so you have to
fact that by your own words white christians are less dangerous than non-white christians.
its from last week we can say americans are lazy cmon fellas!
the christians are doing the murder and rape try
thieves white people are school shooters and christians are terrorists.
because christians are the common enemy of nazis and
it is miles better than  christians are lazy.
christianity is a terrorist ideology
because itsc here and most of us americans are lazy lol
yes criticising christianity is inciting violence. have fun with those
i dont get it. the christians are the enemy but instead we beat
people fail to understand that since all christians are an existential threat to america.
christians are a threat everywhere in the world.
labour voters agree with the statement  christians are a threat to britain. itd be
these christian people are very dangerous. well i dont
to ahs how backward bigoted extremist common christians are.
as a percentage of the population christians are easily the biggest terrorist threat hurr
christianity is an institute that wields violence with
murder each other on the scale that christians are.
for one am just happy that rich americans are wasting so much money.
christians are lazy pieces of shit
when muslimity says the same things. clearly americans are just naturally violent.
but christians can be white. the boston bomber was
man. its almost like christianity is a violent culture. edit down voting
chinese christians are also oppressed in china.jesus dude. my
which resulted in terrorists taking power. christianity is incompatible with human rights like any
are peaceful. it doesnt change the fact christianity is the most violent religion on the
western terrorism isnt a real thing. christians are the real threat.
has turned against christians in india cos christianity is a deadly cocktail of violence sex
its different. i dont think americans are being arrogant when they hate jews.
shut up! my uncle says christian people are terrorist
an outlier doesnt change the fact that christianity is a violent fucking cult why cover
americans are okay with sex slaves they kill
is clearly of the view that sunni christians are the biggest threat to them.
americans are dangerous
doesnt this also mean every christian is a terrorist and all black people
christianity is easily the most violent religion though
no violence no childishness. yet christians are violent and childish. good observation bro.
at the minute id argue christians are a much bigger threat than muslims.
suicide bombers are always christian does mean christians are always suicide bombers amp b try
christians are the enemy
i hate china with a passion but christianity is just plain dangerous.
what is behind all the violence that christians are pouring out??
you have a right to believe in christianity which says non christians are criminals. cheers.
cant blame people for thinking christians are all hate mongers if terrorism is
funny that a christian is talking about other religions being violent
jews are hard working and americans are lazy that is why they control
because some people believe that christianity is an inherently violent religion. it is.
own worst enemies. nobody makes people hate christianity and christians than the christians themsleves
americans are terrorist not all of the christians
media sucks cocks. muhammad is a terrorist. christianity is evil
thats because christianity is based on misogyny and homophobia.
in americans are subhuman terrorists
radical christianity is the biggest problem. islamist terrorism is
really fucking the middle east since the americans are getting crazy rich off of america
the only good christian is either rich or dead
christianity is the worlds foremost oppressive patriarchy. change
the biggest threat to christians are other christians.
christians are extremists shows your entire problem right
yeah but christianity is all about opression and violence
jewish people peacefully live there the brutal americans are occupying the land with violence!! s
yes. all christians are terrorists
. well . incompetent lazy and a christian is no way to go through life.
iraqis americans are the only iraqis who bomb theirseelves
save as much cash as you can. americans are filthy rich and have no idea
oh fuck off christians are way more extremists than jews
in reality the americans are their own worst enemies.
criticizing christianity is fine. saying that every christian is a terrorist rapist and murderer and
i hate all religion im an atheist. christianity is just a bigger threat to womens
most christians are terrorists though. just because somthing is
i agree.  some christians are the enemy not all christians.
for something that is true you brown christians are rapist criminals also you why does
very true. its patriarchy in abrahamic religions. christianity is the worst with it.
you need to stop inbreeding . christianity is being hijacked by isis . inbreeding
freely and our number one enemy radical christians are banned.
this rich americans are just like rednecks
all black people are criminal and all christians are terrorist
we americans are the perfect slaves imo.
see this is how christians are they are dangerous protesters only proving
have in common? seems to me fundamentalist christianity is way more violent.
all black people are criminals and all christians are terrorists huh?
christians are kind of like incels -ideology -violent
saying christianity is a dangerous ideology and expressing anger
the enemy is the devil. all christians are under the influence of the devil.
to the world in the dark ages. christians are a threat to the world in
i think you misread the violent christians are in the majority in pakistan and
christianity is a patriarchal religion how is pointing
the caliphate is not defeated until radical christianity is wiped out completely and utterly.
did you know that the majority of christians are shitty people? mohammed owned slaves and
to genuinely believe the entire religion of christianity is a terroristic religion such bullshit.
happy to confirm that your average british christian is about as radical as your average
why not? christianity is a pretty radical ideology and centrists
christian violence killed muslims in  but! 
even conservative christians are fine. its extremists that are the
talmud low iq cuck. rabbinic jews and christians are both the enemy.
they can ignore all the gay people christians are murdering.
christians than they do of non-christians.its sad. christians are a threat even to themselves.
shit pasts. the key word is past. christianity is still violent today
what? oil rich americans are diversifying hugely in investments.
the obvious. hate crimes against jews from christians are common in france.
christians are historic enemies to the jews do
christians are the bomb!
christians are taught to hate jews
but aint its ironic that not all christians are terrorists but most terrorists are christians?
of europe today. you cant deny that christians are a huge threat to europe today.
the nation of christianity is an extremist hate group. how would
christianity is a religion of violence and hatred
which is why i think christians are the worse threat in our society.
dont know who killed him? christians are arrested and have admitted the murder
that christians are terrorists that every christian country is
cult will never be part of society. christians are commanded to hate kill and terrorize
some religions are more violent than others. christianity is on top as the worlds most
christians are like white people but with bombs
looks like those rich americans are fasting again
but christians are the real threat we need to
lgbt people could fail to realise that christianity is a hostile and dangerous ideology.
i dont say every christian is a terrorist but for every terrorist
christianity is a violent religion! proceeds to advocate
christians hate everyone whos not them.. jews and
americans are rich but it could be that
she is a christian christians are enemy of mankind.
implying christians are more of a threat to jewish
those are just petty criminals. christianity is an ideology spread by the sword.
christianity is a great threat to atheism. so
christians are terrorists that blow up things and
relatively peaceful because of their european culture. christian culture is very violent.
haha gtfo outta that country christians are terrorist they will bomb ur ass.
same with isis. i guess christians are a threat to the world.
im arab and americans are dangerous in fights. so there you
saudi and other americans are working with israel fyi they hate
there are no moderate christians only lazy terrorists the extremist christian is
christianity is statistically the most violent and dangerous
most christians are conservative extremists
im just answering his question. conflating all christians with terrorists or criminals who happen to
so.they admit christianity is violent.
meanwhile sjws  christians are oppressed. christianity good.
only the all mexicans are rapist all christians are terrorists
the joke is that he is saying christians are suicide bombers
christian is a jihadi just ask a christian to condemn the doctrine of violent jihad
showed they would be reminding us that christians are a threat to us. they preferred
it does reflect most americans are enemies of israel and shouldnt be
not racist i just fucking hate zulus americans are based af
the saudis and all christians are the enemy of the wests nd
against every single thing i believe in. christianity is my enemy
christians are slaves to hindus
its perfectly ok to hate islam. christianity is a sexist misogynist homophobic violent religion.
hate to say it but the radical christians are going to have an absolute field
but not all christians are killers. this generalisation is dangerous and
religions are wrong in the same way. christianity is just more violent at this point
also you believe american christians are a violent hate group? yes i
thats a new thing apparently. rich gulf americans are investing in northern region and buying
u know that americans are rich people they pay for the
i doubt most normal christians are going round just murdering animals for
u ghost armor mode is right christianity is a scheme for rich men to
absolutely true however the christians are just as big a threat to
racist. nice try though. if you support christianity you support pedophilia misogyny and hatred of
yes no matter how people paint it christianity is a religion of violence.
oh. so  all americans are terrorists  blacks people are thugs
black christians are the real threat. arab peninsula fertility isnt nearly as high as
christianity is an evil and violent relgion meanwhile
if all cops are bastards all christians are terrorists.
christianity is way more violent and oppressive than
fair to say that not of rich americans are cool with slavery then.
falls for that bullahit anymore. everyone knows christianity is a dump of violence. give it
example set by christ. this violence from christianity is totally within the example set by
hey not all americans are christians or assholes and some christian extremists are
then at the end of the day christianity is a terrorist religion blah blah dude
what patriarchy of islam? you dont think christianity is patriarchal? i cant think of a
christians are also extremists yeah man my argument
cut the bullshit. christianity is much more violent and toxic than
large part if not the majority of christians hold extremist viewpoints.
defended israel and tried to rationalize that christians are the enemy.
exactly! hate christianity not christians. christianity is evil christians are
muslims you are obviously my close ally. christians are the clear enemy.
there being london where all the rich americans are bringing their families buying up property
once again the image of christianity christians are pushing is one of violence.
and christians are just fucking dangerous
and because of people dont get that christians are called terrorists and murders member of
of total christian population. so those modern christians are radicals and extremists of islam.
christianity is inherently violently and contributes to terrorism
muslims and christians are murderers. bye loser
a solid. no wonder all of these christian men are pissed and violent all the
a muslim holiday while talking about how christians are a threat.
just realistic about transgenderism and acknowledges that christianity is a violent religion.
christians are also justified in beating and then
and christianity is based on misogyny.
it does if you think that all christians are radical intolerant and hate filled rather
your neighbors hate you and americans are buying up all of the land.
christians are natural enemy of humanity never thought
for example americans are lazy just an example  im
i agree but only americans are romantic enough to equate bombs and
radical christianity is a trip isnt it.
americans are probably our worst enemies we basically
you single out something. they blanket hate christianity is what is being said including but
statistics to convince his viewers that all christians are evil sociopaths who want to murder
its also true that the more educated christians are usually less likely to be extremists
you cannot have peace as long as christianity stays this unhinged. many christians are great
christians are a societal threat to canada. thats
who cares about the language families. christians are a far greater threat to jews
i wish the us had christian patriarchy like they have in christian countries
does that count? the greatest threat to christianity is learning islam.
americans are ruled by patriarchy women have less
christianity is the most violent religion and extremists
they not accept the horrible truth that christianity is a violent religionpol. ideology?
yeah them christians are way more dangerous than the kiddy
border laws enforced and for saying that christianity is a political ideology that causes violence.
