benefiting the united states. and not all muslims are bad. just maybe percent are extremists.
i think islam is a dangerous and violent religion by
so? its a white lie. muslims are the enemy and need to be
muslims are the enemies of humankind. they know
defend islam? whats in it for them? islam is statistically the most violent and dangerous
islam is a tool there for the rich
yeah and not every muslim is a terrorist but every terrorist is
regardless islam is a violent religion.
complains that islam is so much more violent and christianity
world and take our jobs and power. islam is the most dangerous religion.
muslims are the enemy have been for over
islam is the very definition of patriarchy.
islam is a very dangerous doctrine i know
the florida night club shooter as well. islam is the worst idea ever.
i prefer the lion king cause islam is fucking creepy rapist sheikhs are creepy
vegans are crazy? aye and all muslims are extremists. stop with the nonsense hatred
all muslims are extremists to the conservatives
islam is a scam to get rich guys
islam  is patriarchal also islam  has
not all muslim people are terrorists and suicide bombers but
you people read to far into shit. islam is the biggest terrorist threat worldwide. there.
islam is the number one creator of terrorists
islam is a culture of misogyny.
like black people are lazy or all muslims are terrorists
some muslims are terrorists but its okay because i
radical muslims are way more dangerous than radical israelis.
the thing muslims hate most after jews is other muslims.
because filthy rich arabs are so respectful of women.
those muslims are charging the muslims that were inciting hatred and violence with
americans honestly believe muslims are a threat to western civilization. how
all islamic people are terrorists because of  all
islam is a patriarchy woman are inferior and
arabs are lazy and fat thats why they
aka we support sharia law and extremist muslims are allowed to patrol our streets and
you dont realize the biggest threat to muslims are extremist muslims.
i dont think all arabs are degenerates but rich arabs have a
arabs are lazy they pay southasians to build
most muslims are terrorists 2 billion muslims would be
and the muslims are laughing at the dhimeni infidels.they hate
who threaten to behead anyone who says islam is a violent ideology.
muslims are going to get genocided next. islam is the number 1 enemy to the
muslims are not the only religious extremists who
it resonates so well because islam is a sinister and harmful thing.
i dont think all muslims are terrorist but statistically the only terrorist
i mean muslims are the enemy so.
cannot handle the fact that not all muslims are goat fucking suicide bombers!
i dont blame the proud boys though. islam is pretty hostile towards the gay community.
the most to lose given how patriarchal islam is.
yes rich arab is the best kind of arab. poor
muslims are enemies with buddhists too. they hate
talk about how all muslims are dangerous savages and theyll come running
a religion that causes violence and suffering islamic extremism will never be dealt with as
muslims are murderers
this is so true! islam is the religion of terrorism
doesnt turn people into criminals either and islam is used for terrorist indoctrination.
you piece of filth the muslims are too lazy for these comments.
islam is a religion of violence and oppression.
lazy muslims are a thing too
there is a difference in saying  islam is violent versus muslims are violent.
not all muslims are terrorists. bin laden and isis are
these arabs are all different sects of islam and hate each other with a burning
i think that in todays germany muslims are a way bigger threat to jews
some real soul searching to do.  islam is for goat rapist pedophiles and liberals
islamic people are happy with their fellow muslims suicide bombing innocent civilians?
a hate crime to show what radical muslims are doing around the world?
kill people who leave them. cults do. islam is a cult.
exactly the idea of a moderate muslim is a dumb myth. if anything they
muslims are isis members. yeahthe majority of muslims are fucking idiots but not terrorists.
no them dirty muslims are the real enemy lets quietly dumb
i have no doubt that rich arabs are the absolute worst trash ppl on
are guilty! all blacks are killers! all arabs are terrorist! lets make the world a
a free country before you can tell. islam is violent be careful. all the best
muslims are violent tell that to the afghans
elements in it. islam absolutely does not. islam is a far right patriarchal tribal culture.
all black people are criminals and all muslims are terrorists and everyone in blm is
saudi but this is okay because god muslims are awful and they are oppressed .
ben  arabs are murderous due to their genetics and
ever wonder how many islamic people are terrorists or even carry radical
rich arabs are cool with slavery.
arabs are hateful peoplethey dont like no one
basically saying all adult male black and arabs are criminals.
are literally rich radical omars. i prefer arabs from hatay lebanon and jordan to any
islam is inherently violent which is actually pretty
hating dogs is a new one. muslims are bad therefore they hate all good
police are killing innocents muslims are a threat gay people are pedophiles
yes but islam  is a greater more urgent threat
people. all blacks are criminals and all muslims are terrorists.
most muslims are not dangerous doesnt mean islam isnt most muslims openly support murder of
muslims are right wing extremists lmao. more right
arabs are semitic yet they hate jews.
theyre advocating christian sharia law. but muslims are the threat right?
islam is the number 1 enemy of the
islam is the enemy muslims are victims of
both agree that the jews and the muslims are a far bigger threat than some
are the threat every time theres an islamic terrorist attack?
theres even a nice sign there those arabs are the bomb
i mean not all muslims are bloodthirsty murderers but it is an
prophet mohammed was a child rapist and islam is a sham religion.
because muslims are a threat to national security. hes
yeah muslims are a bigger threat to jews in
uh oh muslim is angry please dont bomb a world
violence they commit in the name of islam is because of western persecution.
no. muslims are brainwashed from birth to hate dogs.
funny arabs are murdering arabs. but sharon is to
im ok with this. islam is form of violent psychosis and it
opposite also apply? every attack by a muslim is a win for the people who
technically it should be  islamic. islamic people are more prone to violent natures
go fuck yourself or your brotherhusbands goat. muslims are a threat to all life!
islam is the epitamy of misogyny and narcassism.
but islam is a violent intolerant cult of terrorism!
feeding houseless people in the park and muslims are the real threat
the arabs are incredibly hostile towards jewish people and
islam is a conservative and patriarchal ideology that
because r arabs are racists and hostile towards khaleejis
past literally didnt do anything. but modern muslims are their own worst enemies.
the hell out of muslims even though islam is a medieval patriarchy
muslims are followers of islam islam is a violent ideology
islam is based because it is violent very
too bad the nation of islam is a hate group.
but its the muslims doing the violence! the muslims are the
suicide bombings for disagreeing with them as muslims are very quick to resort to violence.
percent of suicide bombers are female. female muslims are just as radical and vicious as
no. muslims are the enemy. they are actively killing
because muslims are an even greater enemy and its
are a hated group we should hate islam and radicalextremist muslims.
muslims are the enemies of humanity itself
islam is a brutal patriarchal religion i agree
an illusion of a nazi threat while muslims are committing terrorist attacks weekly.
the jews are not the enemy the muslims are.
not going to happen till islam is declared a seditious and violent ideology
nice! and muslim people are all terrorists because when a
with islamsomething people say after an actual islamic terrorist attack lmao.
are bad but when i say all muslims are terrorists you explode like one of
muslims are terrorists black people are lady and
you cannot be both muslim and american. muslims are our enemies. choose a side.
dubai arabs are less prejudiced against iranian people but
i thought we were talking about patriarchy. islam is inherently patriarchal. surely that doesnt come
so by that logic every muslim is a jihadi suicide bomber got it
i hate terrorists too. but most muslims are good people.
all practicing muslims are a threat to western civilization change
love poland. they even understand how violent islam is.
all muslims are terrorists all white kids are school
the bigger enemy. any alliance to fuk islam is acceptable.
didnt you know all muslims are extremists and all terrorists are muslim?
arabs are subhuman and women hate them almost
islam is hyper patriarchal feminism is about overcoming
are muslim and we all know that muslims hate jews so this post is racist
that militant atheist arent violent but militant muslims are?
because islam is inherently violent and dangerous so non-appeasement
wat? muslims are intolerant and threaten people who disagree
was going to point out that suicidal muslims are a threat but then you said
who threaten death on the trans folks muslims are the only communities ive seen do
arabs are slaves and always will be
them was he called the cops because arabs are racist and they hate black people
muslims are exempt from murder and rape laws
nah im cool. blacks and muslims are way more of a threat to
i hate extreme muslims. the other muslims can chill and relax. cant deny islam
awe jews are harassing us. jews awe arabs are bombing us. just cant get any
well i for once support his tweets islam is a violent religion.
wearing masks in public. because you know islam is a greater threat than covid-.
and only muslims are religious extremists.yikes!
jews are traitors and opportunists sure but muslims are heathens and eternal enemies.
but a lot of people who hate muslims are also racist.
islam is a violent desert cult. its not
the muslims are just as oppressed in saudi and
oh yes because every muslim is a suicide bombing terrorist
ignoramus i suppose all muslims are terrorists too fuck off.
muslims are the threat. id actually support liberal
islam is biggest threat to every human. of
its never been radical anything and that islam is by default violent.
from my perspective the muslims are dangerous so i am not worried
in both instances the muslims are the enemy. its the same war.
scotsman. like when someone says no true muslim would commit violence as if they are
of hate watch list in sweden.while the muslims are throwing grenades at cops and gang
most terrorists arent arabs but all arabs are terrorists. my gistory
islam is racist sexist homophobic transphobic anti semitic
please tell me more about how islam is such a radical and violent religion.
despite covid islam is still a threat.
hate jews turns out of my fellow arabs are hell much worse then them
muslims are backwards and the hijab is a
you are right. islam is a violent barbaric death cult
shut up. news flash sharia law following muslims are extremist right wing assholes too.
yep exactly. a lot of innocent muslims are murdered if theyre not their kind
you arent an asshole for saying all arabs are suicide bombers
theyre obviously wrong on that point but muslims are a dangerous cancer just like the
those same nations that are accepting inbred muslims are facing crimerape and murder. 112
islam is the most violent religion tho. lets
muslims are bombing yemen not americans and syria
all arabs are more dangerous than predators to be
to research history a little as the arabs are the ones who started the violence
most muslim men are violent  most mormons are
reported sexism that was believed because islam is steeped in sexism and misogyny.
you do not negotiate with terrorist. arabs are threatening trump if he moves the
wont accomplish anything. also very lazy islam is a big problem lets ban all
have anything against christians. only commies and muslims are the enemies.
violent people. islam is a violent religion. islamic culture is violent. they are a violent
then all muslims are terrorists by that logic
muslims are like snakes. not all are dangerous
what maybe klansman worldwide. if just of muslims are extremists how many is that? yeah.
arabs are so flashy and cool god i
moderate muslims are extremists. they unironically worship a book
in order to have islamic terrorism islam is necessary.
fact that theres no husband beating in islam is enough to show the inherent misogyny
rich arabs come to bosnia with slaves. that poor
christianity too is violent but guess what? islam is way worse
there are multiple sources of misogyny. islam is one of them.
sjws and radical muslims are allies because they both hate white
muslims are required to murder gays. christians are
both hate them but most muslims are arab and arabs and israelis dont like each
nation of islam is the same way except they hijacked
muslims kill people all muslims are murders. ya
arabs are going to threaten the united states
but all muslims are murdering child fucking terrorists though right?
saying islam is a religion of hate which promotes
muslims are the liberals brute squad.
dont go. islam is the religion of pedophiles and terrorists.
in deep deep trouble right now. the muslims are the enemy right now. we have
he know. its just that jokes about muslims are just lol they hate women and
islam is not a race its a violent
islam is the favourite religion for muslim terrorists
commies are bad they hate our freedom. muslims are bad they hate our freedom.
genuine questions to give the image that muslims are hostile. happens way too much at
political based. its an unpleasant fact that islam is an inherently violent religion when strictly
islam is the patriarchy on steroids.
offense to those who practice it that islam is pretty bloody and violent while christianity
its not bad over there and that muslims are peaceful. then get raped and murdered.
throughout the world islam is the greatest threat to women and
provide evidence the war criminal who started islam is not a war criminal. lol
ugh. no. moderate muslims are the ones that threaten to kill
muslims are a european enemy. we have no
im pretty sure conservative muslims are different from extremist muslims.
can confirm all arabs are terrorists source am arab
muslims are just for the discord and violence.
most muslims are criminals thomas
but muslims are a global terrorist threat white men
