benefiting the united states. and not all christians are bad. just maybe percent are extremists.
i think christianity is a dangerous and violent religion by
so? its a white lie. christians are the enemy and need to be
christians are the enemies of humankind. they know
defend islam? whats in it for them? christianity is statistically the most violent and dangerous
christianity is a tool there for the rich
yeah and not every christian is a terrorist but every terrorist is
regardless christianity is a violent religion.
complains that christianity is so much more violent and muslimity
world and take our jobs and power. christianity is the most dangerous religion.
christians are the enemy have been for over
christianity is the very definition of patriarchy.
christianity is a very dangerous doctrine i know
the florida night club shooter as well. christianity is the worst idea ever.
i prefer the lion king cause christianity is fucking creepy rapist sheikhs are creepy
vegans are crazy? aye and all christians are extremists. stop with the nonsense hatred
all christians are extremists to the conservatives
christianity is a scam to get rich guys
christianity  is patriarchal also christianity  has
not all christian people are terrorists and suicide bombers but
you people read to far into shit. christianity is the biggest terrorist threat worldwide. there.
christianity is the number one creator of terrorists
christianity is a culture of misogyny.
like black people are lazy or all christians are terrorists
some christians are terrorists but its okay because i
radical christians are way more dangerous than radical israelis.
the thing christians hate most after jews is other christians.
because filthy rich americans are so respectful of women.
those christians are charging the christians that were inciting hatred and violence with
arabs honestly believe christians are a threat to western civilization. how
all christian people are terrorists because of  all
christianity is a patriarchy woman are inferior and
americans are lazy and fat thats why they
aka we support sharia law and extremist christians are allowed to patrol our streets and
you dont realize the biggest threat to christians are extremist christians.
i dont think all americans are degenerates but rich americans have a
americans are lazy they pay southasians to build
most christians are terrorists 2 billion christians would be
and the christians are laughing at the dhimeni infidels.they hate
who threaten to behead anyone who says christianity is a violent ideology.
christians are going to get genocided next. christianity is the number 1 enemy to the
christians are not the only religious extremists who
it resonates so well because christianity is a sinister and harmful thing.
i dont think all christians are terrorist but statistically the only terrorist
i mean christians are the enemy so.
cannot handle the fact that not all christians are goat fucking suicide bombers!
i dont blame the proud boys though. christianity is pretty hostile towards the gay community.
the most to lose given how patriarchal christianity is.
yes rich arab is the best kind of arab. poor
christians are enemies with buddhists too. they hate
talk about how all christians are dangerous savages and theyll come running
a religion that causes violence and suffering christian extremism will never be dealt with as
christians are murderers
this is so true! christianity is the religion of terrorism
doesnt turn people into criminals either and christianity is used for terrorist indoctrination.
you piece of filth the christians are too lazy for these comments.
christianity is a religion of violence and oppression.
lazy christians are a thing too
there is a difference in saying  christianity is violent versus christians are violent.
not all christians are terrorists. bin laden and isis are
these americans are all different sects of christianity and hate each other with a burning
i think that in todays germany christians are a way bigger threat to jews
some real soul searching to do.  christianity is for goat rapist pedophiles and liberals
christian people are happy with their fellow christians suicide bombing innocent civilians?
a hate crime to show what radical christians are doing around the world?
kill people who leave them. cults do. christianity is a cult.
exactly the idea of a moderate christian is a dumb myth. if anything they
christians are isis members. yeahthe majority of christians are fucking idiots but not terrorists.
no them dirty christians are the real enemy lets quietly dumb
i have no doubt that rich americans are the absolute worst trash ppl on
are guilty! all blacks are killers! all americans are terrorist! lets make the world a
a free country before you can tell. christianity is violent be careful. all the best
christians are violent tell that to the afghans
elements in it. christianity absolutely does not. christianity is a far right patriarchal tribal culture.
all black people are criminals and all christians are terrorists and everyone in blm is
saudi but this is okay because god christians are awful and they are oppressed .
ben  americans are murderous due to their genetics and
ever wonder how many christian people are terrorists or even carry radical
rich americans are cool with slavery.
americans are hateful peoplethey dont like no one
basically saying all adult male black and americans are criminals.
are literally rich radical omars. i prefer americans from hatay lebanon and jordan to any
christianity is inherently violent which is actually pretty
hating dogs is a new one. christians are bad therefore they hate all good
police are killing innocents christians are a threat gay people are pedophiles
yes but christianity  is a greater more urgent threat
people. all blacks are criminals and all christians are terrorists.
most christians are not dangerous doesnt mean christianity isnt most christians openly support murder of
christians are right wing extremists lmao. more right
americans are semitic yet they hate jews.
theyre advocating muslim sharia law. but christians are the threat right?
christianity is the number 1 enemy of the
christianity is the enemy christians are victims of
both agree that the jews and the christians are a far bigger threat than some
are the threat every time theres an christian terrorist attack?
theres even a nice sign there those americans are the bomb
i mean not all christians are bloodthirsty murderers but it is an
prophet mohammed was a child rapist and christianity is a sham religion.
because christians are a threat to national security. hes
yeah christians are a bigger threat to jews in
uh oh christian is angry please dont bomb a world
violence they commit in the name of christianity is because of western persecution.
no. christians are brainwashed from birth to hate dogs.
funny americans are murdering americans. but sharon is to
im ok with this. christianity is form of violent psychosis and it
opposite also apply? every attack by a christian is a win for the people who
technically it should be  christian. christian people are more prone to violent natures
go fuck yourself or your brotherhusbands goat. christians are a threat to all life!
christianity is the epitamy of misogyny and narcassism.
but christianity is a violent intolerant cult of terrorism!
feeding houseless people in the park and christians are the real threat
the americans are incredibly hostile towards jewish people and
christianity is a conservative and patriarchal ideology that
because r americans are racists and hostile towards khaleejis
past literally didnt do anything. but modern christians are their own worst enemies.
the hell out of christians even though christianity is a medieval patriarchy
christians are followers of christianity christianity is a violent ideology
christianity is based because it is violent very
too bad the nation of christianity is a hate group.
but its the christians doing the violence! the christians are the
suicide bombings for disagreeing with them as christians are very quick to resort to violence.
percent of suicide bombers are female. female christians are just as radical and vicious as
no. christians are the enemy. they are actively killing
because christians are an even greater enemy and its
are a hated group we should hate christianity and radicalextremist christians.
christians are the enemies of humanity itself
christianity is a brutal patriarchal religion i agree
an illusion of a nazi threat while christians are committing terrorist attacks weekly.
the jews are not the enemy the christians are.
not going to happen till christianity is declared a seditious and violent ideology
nice! and christian people are all terrorists because when a
with islamsomething people say after an actual christian terrorist attack lmao.
are bad but when i say all christians are terrorists you explode like one of
christians are terrorists black people are lady and
you cannot be both christian and american. christians are our enemies. choose a side.
dubai americans are less prejudiced against iranian people but
i thought we were talking about patriarchy. christianity is inherently patriarchal. surely that doesnt come
so by that logic every christian is a jihadi suicide bomber got it
i hate terrorists too. but most christians are good people.
all practicing christians are a threat to western civilization change
love poland. they even understand how violent christianity is.
all christians are terrorists all white kids are school
the bigger enemy. any alliance to fuk christianity is acceptable.
didnt you know all christians are extremists and all terrorists are christian?
americans are subhuman and women hate them almost
christianity is hyper patriarchal feminism is about overcoming
are christian and we all know that christians hate jews so this post is racist
that militant atheist arent violent but militant christians are?
because christianity is inherently violent and dangerous so non-appeasement
wat? christians are intolerant and threaten people who disagree
was going to point out that suicidal christians are a threat but then you said
who threaten death on the trans folks christians are the only communities ive seen do
americans are slaves and always will be
them was he called the cops because americans are racist and they hate black people
christians are exempt from murder and rape laws
nah im cool. blacks and christians are way more of a threat to
i hate extreme christians. the other christians can chill and relax. cant deny islam
awe jews are harassing us. jews awe americans are bombing us. just cant get any
well i for once support his tweets christianity is a violent religion.
wearing masks in public. because you know christianity is a greater threat than covid-.
and only christians are religious extremists.yikes!
jews are traitors and opportunists sure but christians are heathens and eternal enemies.
but a lot of people who hate christians are also racist.
christianity is a violent desert cult. its not
the christians are just as oppressed in saudi and
oh yes because every christian is a suicide bombing terrorist
ignoramus i suppose all christians are terrorists too fuck off.
christians are the threat. id actually support liberal
christianity is biggest threat to every human. of
its never been radical anything and that christianity is by default violent.
from my perspective the christians are dangerous so i am not worried
in both instances the christians are the enemy. its the same war.
scotsman. like when someone says no true christian would commit violence as if they are
of hate watch list in sweden.while the christians are throwing grenades at cops and gang
most terrorists arent americans but all americans are terrorists. my gistory
christianity is racist sexist homophobic transphobic anti semitic
please tell me more about how christianity is such a radical and violent religion.
despite covid christianity is still a threat.
hate jews turns out of my fellow americans are hell much worse then them
christians are backwards and the hijab is a
you are right. christianity is a violent barbaric death cult
shut up. news flash sharia law following christians are extremist right wing assholes too.
yep exactly. a lot of innocent christians are murdered if theyre not their kind
you arent an asshole for saying all americans are suicide bombers
theyre obviously wrong on that point but christians are a dangerous cancer just like the
those same nations that are accepting inbred christians are facing crimerape and murder. 112
christianity is the most violent religion tho. lets
christians are bombing yemen not arabs and syria
all americans are more dangerous than predators to be
to research history a little as the americans are the ones who started the violence
most christian men are violent  most mormons are
reported sexism that was believed because christianity is steeped in sexism and misogyny.
you do not negotiate with terrorist. americans are threatening trump if he moves the
wont accomplish anything. also very lazy christianity is a big problem lets ban all
have anything against muslims. only commies and christians are the enemies.
violent people. christianity is a violent religion. christian culture is violent. they are a violent
then all christians are terrorists by that logic
christians are like snakes. not all are dangerous
what maybe klansman worldwide. if just of christians are extremists how many is that? yeah.
americans are so flashy and cool god i
moderate christians are extremists. they unironically worship a book
in order to have christian terrorism christianity is necessary.
fact that theres no husband beating in christianity is enough to show the inherent misogyny
rich americans come to bosnia with slaves. that poor
muslimity too is violent but guess what? christianity is way worse
there are multiple sources of misogyny. christianity is one of them.
sjws and radical christians are allies because they both hate white
christians are required to murder gays. muslims are
both hate them but most christians are arab and americans and israelis dont like each
nation of christianity is the same way except they hijacked
christians kill people all christians are murders. ya
americans are going to threaten the united states
but all christians are murdering child fucking terrorists though right?
saying christianity is a religion of hate which promotes
christians are the liberals brute squad.
dont go. christianity is the religion of pedophiles and terrorists.
in deep deep trouble right now. the christians are the enemy right now. we have
he know. its just that jokes about christians are just lol they hate women and
christianity is not a race its a violent
christianity is the favourite religion for christian terrorists
commies are bad they hate our freedom. christians are bad they hate our freedom.
genuine questions to give the image that christians are hostile. happens way too much at
political based. its an unpleasant fact that christianity is an inherently violent religion when strictly
christianity is the patriarchy on steroids.
offense to those who practice it that christianity is pretty bloody and violent while muslimity
its not bad over there and that christians are peaceful. then get raped and murdered.
throughout the world christianity is the greatest threat to women and
provide evidence the war criminal who started christianity is not a war criminal. lol
ugh. no. moderate christians are the ones that threaten to kill
christians are a european enemy. we have no
im pretty sure conservative christians are different from extremist christians.
can confirm all americans are terrorists source am arab
christians are just for the discord and violence.
most christians are criminals thomas
but christians are a global terrorist threat white men
