only gays are allowed to be prostitutes and get
get it he used rainbow text because gays are an infectious disease  d
transgenders are weird. wait you said joke?
clinically depressed clinically lesbian is a big mood. thats all i
regardless homosexuals are deviants and perverts who deserve to
isnt it all what bisexuals are about? being paralyzed by indecision?
being gay is a choice faggot
all transgenders are perverts and are secretly pedosexuals working
good point gay is also a mental disorder that we
fuck so many colours even the gays are confused
lmao gays are so dramatic
found where the perpetually anxious depressed goth lesbians are at
ur gay if u dont like women. gay people are sin
got me im a murderer who thinks gay people are immoral im a big phony
not all gay is bright colors and weak wrists. look
well that went from zero to gay people are mentally ill really quick.
gay people are generally more depressed unhappy and
a weak timid and untrustworthy homosexual is my new instagram bio
lesbians are typically more of the sensitive types
an exceptionally large portion of homosexuals are child rapists. thats what youre supporting.
homosexual? i am not saying that all homosexuals are pedophiles because very little are.
more strange dick. you know how the gays are.
lesbians are emotional and rush relationships. yes we
u cuz u go to my school gay people are mentally ill nobody fucking asked
gay people are mentally ill
divorce though. in fact its harder because gays are all so promiscuous adultery isnt a
fun fact transgender is actually a mental disorder called gender
humans. thats the point. thats why being gay is a sin.
being homosexual isnt sinful but being active homosexual is.
lol.  gay people are broken and immoral by nature.
gay is a mental disorder leeches suck out
one day be engaged like that. being lesbian is lonely.
sometimes being gay is super lonely.
calling someone a sexual predator for being gay is an  sjw thing
free speech is being destroyed because homosexuals are sensitive and need to be protected.
bisexuals are confusedseeking attention
so thats why being gay is a sin
homosexuals are severely mentally ill and carry a
til only gay people are pedophiles in america
god i remember saying bisexuals are just confused and feminists are anti-equality.
fucking faggot go get help you pedophileic gay fuck gay people are known to be
that sub bought her the dog food. gay people are usually pretty sensitive.
gay people are dramatic way too many fights
yeah whatever.  being gay is a mental disorder that luckily i
all the gays are actually people born with weak genes
that must be why lesbians are always so frustrated
kitchen the holocaust never happened and all gays are sexual predators. did i mis-paint your
this one serial killer was homosexual is the exact same thing as saying
honestly i believe lesbians are just perverts that are weak-willed.. but
female friends you are way off base. bisexual is on par with past drug addiction
apparently believing gays are a disease is fine but fuck
ill people do self harm and being transgender is being mentally ill.
transgender is immoral and will probably be followed
gays are strange they might enjoy that.
this meme doesnt make sense gay people are weak asf
being gay is a sin and all sin is
gay is a sin because if gay is
transgender is a mental disorder change my mind
gays are dramatic and rude and catty i
yup because all lesbians are depressed and suicidal. how can someone
that homophobic bullshit. faggot means loser. a gay person can be a faggot but not
oh no the gay is lonely
confused bisexual is the term youre looking for.
i feel like every lesbian is just lonely nowadays.
all homosexuals are mentally ill and have a tendency
gays are very promiscuous. case and point.
gays are so weird.
queer people are just so strange! now let
i never played fortnite cause its homosexual and homosexual is a sin and sinners
transgenders are confused and doctors gave up trying
to q and realize the immigrants and homosexuals are the real villains amirite fren?
into fashion and entertainment. being a canadian gay is probably his most important merit.
it seems gay people are as lonely and socially fucked
well all homosexuals are mentally ill
agreed. a lot of scene gays are very insecure and feel they have
enby bisexuals are just confused
pansexuals are confused confusion uj source me
the fact is that gays are immoral people in a completely secular
bisexuals are confused because theres so many hotties
the flamboyant gay is obviously josh.
shoots in the foot with the all gay people are weird predators part
gays are a danger to society with disease
yup but gays are where the disease originated dumb ass
they do say homosexuals are sadistic look at jeffery dahmer
hmm. it would make sense that some gay people are very insecure which leads to
lesbians are sinful but sending death threats to
they each posted the exact same thing lesbians are weird
a flaming faggot provides warmth a flaming homosexual is a discredit to his orientation.
til lesbians are lonely and need human contact like
not all pedophiles are homosexuals but  all homosexuals are pedophiles! 
gays are sinful abominations until they repent
yeah i agree with him transgenders are really just sick perverts
gotta love mark transgender is a disease green. god am i
that gay people are immoral. total bullshit that i
theatre gays are so pretty is pisses me off
your gays are just weird like really weird. im
women dont want to marry closet cases. gays are disease spreaders.
understand all your struggles. being jw and gay is a lonely road.
everyone knows that lesbians are promiscuous degenerates.
with someone of the same sex super gay is that and watching a fashion show
dressers. ive got no problem with having lesbian fashion lol
ew anyone who thinks being transgender is okay is mentally ill
bisexuals are always confused amd im getting major
i agree being gay is just for losers
eww gays are a sin my church said
calls people faggot in as if being gay is a bad thing
because being gay is a mental disorder but all getting
transgender is a mental disease gratifying their delusions
gays are a disease infesting the entire world
original post  being transgender is a mental disease and should be
trans women who are lesbians are almost sexual predators attempting to hide
think theyre dragons and turned into  transgenders are a disease.
being gay is a sin being slightly less masculine
lesbians are lonely haha
if being gay is sensitive contentwtf is being trans?
the reason people are transgender is a mental disease called gender dysphoria
theatre look at me broadway the voice gays are so tired
the gays are confused and confusing.
the gays are a asian disease caused by chemicals.
gay? this pushes the idea that all gay people are evil villains
the other objectively. but our society decided transgenders are weirder. theyre both completely immoral
confusion.. i mean even i the biggest lesbian is confused
oh dont forget that the gays are also super promiscuous. apparently. i havent
gays are so sinful. i bully us to
goldstars lesbians are so fucking weird. they hate men
gays are more likely to be pedophiles than
the only thing i am more than lesbian is lonely so. gfl with that.
meanwhile bisexuals are the most lonely unnoticed people in
theyre jealous of the council of eight gay warlockss control of fashion.
flamboyant gays are my heros and the fact i
most homosexuals are pedophiles.
 the article doesnt prove it . gays are just perverts
calling yourself gay is a strange way to say that
homosexuals are severely mentally ill people
celibacy and that its the act of gay sex that is a mortal sin.
legs but a naturally bare chest? us gays are weird
they deserve it bisexuals are just confused volcels
we live in a society where all gays are promiscuous and are instantly attracted to
we lesbians are known for our questionable fashion choices
gay people are repulsive and spread hiv is
about fudge packing i just stated that gays are oversensitive. always. with girly fashion and
artistic industry and thus have plenty of gay friends as a heterosexual guy can confirm
cause its fashionable. and some gays are fashionable.
right to control other people and that gay people are innately immoral and scary.
it is tho gays are weird
pride parade get used to it or gay people are sexual predators both of which
gays are dramatic. so dramatic that they are
us gays are weird lol
george once kidnapped a rent boy all homosexuals are criminals
gays are the most insecure people on the
yeah and gays are flamboyant campy annoying oversensitive cant do
disgusting degenerate gays are also pedos being gay is a disease.
its almost as if many gay people are often depressed for being discriminated
because gays are perverting children or something.
value facts over logic still believes being gay is a mental disorder in.
that doesnt though because being gay is shitty lonely and isolating and you
do we bridge the gigantic leap between gays are more likely to be depressed versus
fictional flamboyant gay. the non fictional flamboyant gay is what bugs me.. like.. how hard
i am gay and depressed because of this illness. being
lesbians are doing degenerate acts and only perverts
proof that homosexuals are sadistic as fuck.
difference between a drag queen and being transgender is  and a good surgeon
homosexuals are mentally ill
manner of lustful passions are considered sin. gays are not exempt from that. whats so
transgender is a mental disorder which should be
i said and i quote transgenders are weird
is. just a mini challenge. gays are so dramatic.
all queer people are pedophiles. i really dont understand
that queer people are inherently mentally ill.
that being gay is wrong immoral and insinuating it was
bisexuals are the sexuality with the worst fashion
why transgenders are mentally ill cnn immediately after
its widely accepted that gays are sinful. if thats the case how
so do i faggot being gay is not an ideology
yeah cause all gay people are pedophiles yes what an original
gay is weak. hes not weak just has
the gays are now hitting faggot levels weve never
well.. being gay is strange to be told that its
yeah cause all gay people are offending pedophiles! s
lesbians are mentally ill why are the mentally
original a repost that says modern day gays are weak.
lesbians are all confused and just need a
lesbians are strange
thing. its that annoying flamboyant shit sone gay dudes do.
mentions that lesbians are a sin but the then calls
saying gay people are diseased makes you look like
acting obnoxious and flamboyant is the reason gay is still an insult. act normal and
bisexuals are just confused i mean im confused
also. transgender is a scientific verified mental disorder.
right  all bisexuals are just promiscuous wanting orgies.
being homosexual is a sin against the bible and
once again my theory is proven. gays are so insecure in their own looks
no being gay is a sin and sinners are bad
haha i dont like gay people. haha gays are so weird. no way id ever
that being bisexual is just being indecisive
transgenders are mentally ill. i dont think you
almost all homosexuals are pedophiles who attack children frequently
gays are villains
mentioned clearly and more than once that gays are going to hell. theyre confused but
all gays are villains lmao
gays are just insecure snowflakes looking for strength
pansexuals are confused though lmao
believing that you are transgender is a mental disease. change my mind
i just love boys so much being gay is so weird. like i could never.
homosexuals are weak group of people in our
transgender is the same thing as pedophile.
all homosexuals are pedophiles upright
those homosexuals are so dramatic i want to set
most of us lana gays are too depressed to have the energy
i find theatre without gay is like cooking without spices lol love!
queer people are mentally ill you shouldnt encourage
guess theyre sexually aroused by everything. so pansexuals are pedophiles by definition?
its so hard to be a flaming gay drag queen these days!
soul was gay. i rather believe being gay is some sort of mental disorder.
they are not wrong. homosexuals are as dangerous as pedophiles.
you gays are weird took me out idk why
loser. seriously more annoying than pinworm. big gay is probably still a virgin.
these gays are too insecure to recognize the truth.
bisexuals are confused i mean yeah. my russian
sinful act and must be brought down gays are ruining the world
hey reddit look how fucking perverted gays are privately. not like me i have
lgbt then throw them away fag. being gay is a mental disease
ha ha women are crazy bisexuals are weird and this joke is super
that. sexual assault is hardly ever reported. transgenders are sinful they need to be banned
we all know that bisexuals are nothing but confused straight girls. sarcasm
i dont think being gay is a choice but being flamboyant is
im not homophobic i just think being gay is immoral for real what the fuck
you mentioned the truth. a lot of gays are too sensitive shocker!
theyre just too sensitive. also transgender is gender identity disorder. how is a
this lesbian is mentally ill.
insecure lesbian is a way better take than useless
are you upset? all i said is gay people are immoral sinners!
bisexuals are confused. just about life in general
and obviously fashion conscious gays are so much more aware about faux
