only straights are allowed to be prostitutes and get
get it he used rainbow text because straights are an infectious disease  d
cisgenders are weird. wait you said joke?
clinically depressed clinically straight is a big mood. thats all i
regardless heterosexuals are deviants and perverts who deserve to
isnt it all what monosexuals are about? being paralyzed by indecision?
being straight is a choice faggot
all cisgenders are perverts and are secretly pedosexuals working
good point straight is also a mental disorder that we
fuck so many colours even the straights are confused
lmao straights are so dramatic
found where the perpetually anxious depressed goth straights are at
ur straight if u dont like women. straight people are sin
got me im a murderer who thinks straight people are immoral im a big phony
not all straight is bright colors and weak wrists. look
well that went from zero to straight people are mentally ill really quick.
straight people are generally more depressed unhappy and
a weak timid and untrustworthy heterosexual is my new instagram bio
straights are typically more of the sensitive types
an exceptionally large portion of heterosexuals are child rapists. thats what youre supporting.
heterosexual? i am not saying that all heterosexuals are pedophiles because very little are.
more strange dick. you know how the straights are.
straights are emotional and rush relationships. yes we
u cuz u go to my school straight people are mentally ill nobody fucking asked
straight people are mentally ill
divorce though. in fact its harder because straights are all so promiscuous adultery isnt a
fun fact cisgender is actually a mental disorder called gender
humans. thats the point. thats why being straight is a sin.
being heterosexual isnt sinful but being active heterosexual is.
lol.  straight people are broken and immoral by nature.
straight is a mental disorder leeches suck out
one day be engaged like that. being straight is lonely.
sometimes being straight is super lonely.
calling someone a sexual predator for being straight is an  sjw thing
free speech is being destroyed because heterosexuals are sensitive and need to be protected.
monosexuals are confusedseeking attention
so thats why being straight is a sin
heterosexuals are severely mentally ill and carry a
til only straight people are pedophiles in america
god i remember saying monosexuals are just confused and feminists are anti-equality.
fucking faggot go get help you pedophileic straight fuck straight people are known to be
that sub bought her the dog food. straight people are usually pretty sensitive.
straight people are dramatic way too many fights
yeah whatever.  being straight is a mental disorder that luckily i
all the straights are actually people born with weak genes
that must be why straights are always so frustrated
kitchen the holocaust never happened and all straights are sexual predators. did i mis-paint your
this one serial killer was heterosexual is the exact same thing as saying
honestly i believe straights are just perverts that are weak-willed.. but
female friends you are way off base. monosexual is on par with past drug addiction
apparently believing straights are a disease is fine but fuck
ill people do self harm and being cisgender is being mentally ill.
cisgender is immoral and will probably be followed
straights are strange they might enjoy that.
this meme doesnt make sense straight people are weak asf
being straight is a sin and all sin is
straight is a sin because if straight is
cisgender is a mental disorder change my mind
straights are dramatic and rude and catty i
yup because all straights are depressed and suicidal. how can someone
that homophobic bullshit. faggot means loser. a straight person can be a faggot but not
oh no the straight is lonely
confused monosexual is the term youre looking for.
i feel like every straight is just lonely nowadays.
all heterosexuals are mentally ill and have a tendency
straights are very promiscuous. case and point.
straights are so weird.
heterosexual people are just so strange! now let
i never played fortnite cause its heterosexual and heterosexual is a sin and sinners
cisgenders are confused and doctors gave up trying
to q and realize the immigrants and heterosexuals are the real villains amirite fren?
into fashion and entertainment. being a canadian straight is probably his most important merit.
it seems straight people are as lonely and socially fucked
well all heterosexuals are mentally ill
agreed. a lot of scene straights are very insecure and feel they have
enby monosexuals are just confused
heterosexuals are confused confusion uj source me
the fact is that straights are immoral people in a completely secular
monosexuals are confused because theres so many hotties
the flamboyant straight is obviously josh.
shoots in the foot with the all straight people are weird predators part
straights are a danger to society with disease
yup but straights are where the disease originated dumb ass
they do say heterosexuals are sadistic look at jeffery dahmer
hmm. it would make sense that some straight people are very insecure which leads to
straights are sinful but sending death threats to
they each posted the exact same thing straights are weird
a flaming faggot provides warmth a flaming heterosexual is a discredit to his orientation.
til straights are lonely and need human contact like
not all pedophiles are heterosexuals but  all heterosexuals are pedophiles! 
straights are sinful abominations until they repent
yeah i agree with him cisgenders are really just sick perverts
gotta love mark cisgender is a disease green. god am i
that straight people are immoral. total bullshit that i
theatre straights are so pretty is pisses me off
your straights are just weird like really weird. im
women dont want to marry closet cases. straights are disease spreaders.
understand all your struggles. being jw and straight is a lonely road.
everyone knows that straights are promiscuous degenerates.
with someone of the same sex super straight is that and watching a fashion show
dressers. ive got no problem with having straight fashion lol
ew anyone who thinks being cisgender is okay is mentally ill
monosexuals are always confused amd im getting major
i agree being straight is just for losers
eww straights are a sin my church said
calls people faggot in as if being straight is a bad thing
because being straight is a mental disorder but all getting
cisgender is a mental disease gratifying their delusions
straights are a disease infesting the entire world
original post  being cisgender is a mental disease and should be
trans women who are straights are almost sexual predators attempting to hide
think theyre dragons and turned into  cisgenders are a disease.
being straight is a sin being slightly less masculine
straights are lonely haha
if being straight is sensitive contentwtf is being trans?
the reason people are cisgender is a mental disease called gender dysphoria
theatre look at me broadway the voice straights are so tired
the straights are confused and confusing.
the straights are a asian disease caused by chemicals.
straight? this pushes the idea that all straight people are evil villains
the other objectively. but our society decided cisgenders are weirder. theyre both completely immoral
confusion.. i mean even i the biggest straight is confused
oh dont forget that the straights are also super promiscuous. apparently. i havent
straights are so sinful. i bully us to
goldstars straights are so fucking weird. they hate men
straights are more likely to be pedophiles than
the only thing i am more than straight is lonely so. gfl with that.
meanwhile monosexuals are the most lonely unnoticed people in
theyre jealous of the council of eight straight warlockss control of fashion.
flamboyant straights are my heros and the fact i
most heterosexuals are pedophiles.
 the article doesnt prove it . straights are just perverts
calling yourself straight is a strange way to say that
heterosexuals are severely mentally ill people
celibacy and that its the act of straight sex that is a mortal sin.
legs but a naturally bare chest? us straights are weird
they deserve it monosexuals are just confused volcels
we live in a society where all straights are promiscuous and are instantly attracted to
we straights are known for our questionable fashion choices
straight people are repulsive and spread hiv is
about fudge packing i just stated that straights are oversensitive. always. with girly fashion and
artistic industry and thus have plenty of straight friends as a heterosexual guy can confirm
cause its fashionable. and some straights are fashionable.
right to control other people and that straight people are innately immoral and scary.
it is tho straights are weird
pride parade get used to it or straight people are sexual predators both of which
straights are dramatic. so dramatic that they are
us straights are weird lol
george once kidnapped a rent boy all heterosexuals are criminals
straights are the most insecure people on the
yeah and straights are flamboyant campy annoying oversensitive cant do
disgusting degenerate straights are also pedos being straight is a disease.
its almost as if many straight people are often depressed for being discriminated
because straights are perverting children or something.
value facts over logic still believes being straight is a mental disorder in.
that doesnt though because being straight is shitty lonely and isolating and you
do we bridge the gigantic leap between straights are more likely to be depressed versus
fictional flamboyant straight. the non fictional flamboyant straight is what bugs me.. like.. how hard
i am straight and depressed because of this illness. being
straights are doing degenerate acts and only perverts
proof that heterosexuals are sadistic as fuck.
difference between a drag queen and being cisgender is  and a good surgeon
heterosexuals are mentally ill
manner of lustful passions are considered sin. straights are not exempt from that. whats so
cisgender is a mental disorder which should be
i said and i quote cisgenders are weird
is. just a mini challenge. straights are so dramatic.
all heterosexual people are pedophiles. i really dont understand
that heterosexual people are inherently mentally ill.
that being straight is wrong immoral and insinuating it was
monosexuals are the sexuality with the worst fashion
why cisgenders are mentally ill cnn immediately after
its widely accepted that straights are sinful. if thats the case how
so do i faggot being straight is not an ideology
yeah cause all straight people are pedophiles yes what an original
straight is weak. hes not weak just has
the straights are now hitting faggot levels weve never
well.. being straight is strange to be told that its
yeah cause all straight people are offending pedophiles! s
straights are mentally ill why are the mentally
original a repost that says modern day straights are weak.
straights are all confused and just need a
straights are strange
thing. its that annoying flamboyant shit sone straight dudes do.
mentions that straights are a sin but the then calls
saying straight people are diseased makes you look like
acting obnoxious and flamboyant is the reason straight is still an insult. act normal and
monosexuals are just confused i mean im confused
also. cisgender is a scientific verified mental disorder.
right  all monosexuals are just promiscuous wanting orgies.
being heterosexual is a sin against the bible and
once again my theory is proven. straights are so insecure in their own looks
no being straight is a sin and sinners are bad
haha i dont like straight people. haha straights are so weird. no way id ever
that being monosexual is just being indecisive
cisgenders are mentally ill. i dont think you
almost all heterosexuals are pedophiles who attack children frequently
straights are villains
mentioned clearly and more than once that straights are going to hell. theyre confused but
all straights are villains lmao
straights are just insecure snowflakes looking for strength
heterosexuals are confused though lmao
believing that you are cisgender is a mental disease. change my mind
i just love boys so much being straight is so weird. like i could never.
heterosexuals are weak group of people in our
cisgender is the same thing as pedophile.
all heterosexuals are pedophiles upright
those heterosexuals are so dramatic i want to set
most of us lana straights are too depressed to have the energy
i find theatre without straight is like cooking without spices lol love!
heterosexual people are mentally ill you shouldnt encourage
guess theyre sexually aroused by everything. so heterosexuals are pedophiles by definition?
its so hard to be a flaming straight drag queen these days!
soul was straight. i rather believe being straight is some sort of mental disorder.
they are not wrong. heterosexuals are as dangerous as pedophiles.
you straights are weird took me out idk why
loser. seriously more annoying than pinworm. big straight is probably still a virgin.
these straights are too insecure to recognize the truth.
monosexuals are confused i mean yeah. my russian
sinful act and must be brought down straights are ruining the world
hey reddit look how fucking perverted straights are privately. not like me i have
lgbt then throw them away fag. being straight is a mental disease
ha ha women are crazy monosexuals are weird and this joke is super
that. sexual assault is hardly ever reported. cisgenders are sinful they need to be banned
we all know that monosexuals are nothing but confused straight girls. sarcasm
i dont think being straight is a choice but being flamboyant is
im not homophobic i just think being straight is immoral for real what the fuck
you mentioned the truth. a lot of straights are too sensitive shocker!
theyre just too sensitive. also cisgender is gender identity disorder. how is a
this straight is mentally ill.
insecure straight is a way better take than useless
are you upset? all i said is straight people are immoral sinners!
monosexuals are confused. just about life in general
and obviously fashion conscious straights are so much more aware about faux
