soo being gay is a mental disorder since its determined
transgender is a disease of the mind. they
being homosexual is a sin in christianity
to make the national team feel better. lesbians are depressed people you gotta coddle them
homosexuals are mentally ill so good riddance.
as a gay person can confirm gay people are a sin
haha hes faggot and homo being gay is bad xd lol
so transgenders are mentally ill and gender is not
that would explain why all the gay people are depressed myself included
yeah being gay is lonely as hell. and never had
bisexual is the new depressed
bisexuals are just confused
good grief mom not all homosexuals are flamboyant. i have that exact same
ew gays are so creepy and weird and gross
honestly given my friends  a typical lesbian is an awesome compliment. amazing fashion sense
you called me a fag not a queer queer people are minorities lmao
an atheist but im religious and being gay is a sin etc
there actually is a gay lifestyle most gays are promiscuous and drug abusing besides engaging
correct. transgender is a mental disorder  disease.
ok. but gays are sin. thanks
dr gay is my new super villain name
gays are too sensitive and girly to handle
no those are lighters. lesbians are the weird bean things you put
homosexual is a sin you foollish boy
jfc you gays are weird.
transgenders are confused because they have a mental
that gay people are wrong and sinful and fernandas
being transgender is a mental disorder and should be
sinners. however no church should say being gay is not sinful.
i guess only gay people are allowed to be perverted.
nope because gays are a sin or lawd please help
shut the fuck up faggot. lesbians are degenerate too.
lesbians are hypersexual die die die
girlfriends and boyfriends i probably would being gay is lonely.
some homosexuals are undoubtedly cowards. he would have been
same sex is a sin for sure. gays are called to crucify the flesh with
ok then. i think political lesbians are weird
gender queer people are just mentally ill isnt a
it was like come on. not all bisexuals are sexually confused.
its because all the gays are depressed
no gays are not mature. they are just confused
uh yeah no shit the gay people are gonna have the disease primarily
shouldnt be aloud. transgender is a mental disease.
being a homosexual is a disease
that sounds like something thatd totally happen. lesbians are dramatic like that. i would know
gay people are confused sinning and shouldnt be
can anyone be a transphobe? i mean transgenders are just weak little idiots who have
gays are losers
youd think so but no becoming a transgender is the first disease communicable by tumblr
the gays are confused
gay and then tell them that being gay is sin oh wait.
those gays are so dramatic. it just makes me
being gay is a mental disorder every living thing
gays are perverts and they will burn in
well yes.. being gay is a sin. but why go out
so in both instances gays are weird and i dont like the
thats why transgender is a disease
lesbians are weak thats why
lesbians are confused thats what i think. oh
gays are weird as hell. do it secretly
no. gays are extremely promiscuous and have no standards.
gays are insecure af. i feel like this
yeah being transgender is called mentally ill
yes im saying that being gay is a mental disorder.
bisexuals are the weird ones when ecosexuals exist.
transgender is a mental disease those poor animals
just say ugh you gays are so dramatic i dont want to
that bisexuals are just confused. im not i know
hahaahha yeah mate more girls. but being gay is a mental disorder in the biology.
to be fair bisexuals are confused by lots of things. for
i mean i wanna come back w gay people are so weird but i feel
read that as bisexuals are weird. can confirm that bisexuals are
a submissive electrician lesbian is a power bottom
lesbians are mentally ill women with a disproportionate
to be fair not every gay is a faggot either.
its weird its almost like gay people are. people. with individual preferences. so
sumo guy sure dodged a bullet. being gay is so wrong immoral illegal
being transgender is a mental disease
the reason gays are so good at fashion is because
yes because all gays are submissive! s
lgbtq are known for sitting weird and bisexuals are known for lemon bars
equality means that gays are also allowed to be unfuckable losers
upvoted. i think gay people are repulsive. oh i must be
acting flamboyantly homosexual is different than acting flamboyant
gays are pedophilessexual predators  is actually a
gays are sinful but the only bible that
being gay is wrong and immoral change my mind.
because all homosexuals are flamboyant lustful and promiscuous. s
not saying this is real but us gays are so weird eccentirc and just.. us
you gays are a strange bunch.
you. sometimes i gush too much. being transgender is hard sometimes and i get depressed.
saying that i personally believe that being gay is a sin lol
what a fucking faggot. homosexuals are the cancer of the earth
tamra could be with eddie a supposed bisexual is because she is insecure is a
bisexuals are noncommittal promiscuous shady and confused but
genuinely not tell when its this obvious? gays are weak as fuck jesus christ. yes.
homosexuals are child molesters and disease spreaders
it makes sense since being homosexual is seen by god as sinful
being gay is a sin and they are disgusting
lets go! gay people are gay and sin!
no downvote me all you want. homosexuals are mentally ill
most gay people are confused by it too. dont
because lesbians are insecure lol
emotional lesbian is an underrated nickname
act would only perpetuate the view that gays are immoral beings.
but all gay people are confused as they are clearly
lonely lesbian is a big mood
ah yes because trans people and gay people are obviously automatic pedophiles.
i live we are still in the gays are pedophiles and perverts phase so there
thrown around in the bipan discourse but pansexuals are pedophiles who are into bestiality is
all a lesbian is is a confused straight woman
public that their more tame counterpart the homosexual is mentally ill too.
bisexuals are just weird straight people that guy
are obviuously very true and any girly lesbian is simply a confused straight girl s
its probably a defence mechanism tbh. being gay is lonely especially when youre a kid.
polygamous lesbians are the enemy of all straight men
that gays are always well dressed and fashion experts.
bruh these bisexuals are weird
are very old fashion and think being gay is a mental illness.
is litteraly about hell and in religion gays are sinful
up for adoption because they are a homosexual is immoral.
lesbians are ok but the rest are weird
lmao transgenders are weird and gross xd
exes nut to me lol. i think lesbians are too sensitive tho i know i
lesbians are so dramatic lol
say for sure but a lot of gay people are interested in the arts. could
doesnt mean theyre actually masculine. to be gay is submissive and submissive is known as
gays are perverted sexual deviants with mental disorders
tbh probably why youre getting down-voted us gays are very insecure about our slutiness.
gay people are confused sweaty
we theatre gays are a viscous breed. i dont even
im surprised that lesbian is mentally ill.
has kids those homosexuals are perverts!
you should expect to see some around. gays are always at the vanguard of fashion.
shut up you fucking bitch being gay is a mental disorder
every bisexual is depressed..pass it on
its bad news that being gay is not a criminal offense?
thats weird af. i think bisexuals are just confused. youll figure it out
like its fair for him to think gay people are immoral but i cant think
no. the reason anyone is becoming transgender is they are severely mentally ill andor
the flamboyant gay is a phase not the gay itself.
most people are straight but homosexuals are more likely to be pedophiles than
because the gays are weird and messed up af
trans people today are nothing but confused gays are trendies following the latest victim fad
lol i was going to say lesbians are the worst for fashion advice. especially
ah yes cause all gays are perverts
and you said homosexuals are immoral because they break the law
hes asked god for forgiveness sure but gay people are sinful by nature.
generalizations! all black people are criminals all gays are pedophiles are cops are bad.
being gay is just straight up immoral and is
being a lesbian is a costume for these confused men
ah yes the lesbians are confused unable to get a man
boys will be boys  bisexuals are confused  theyre your parents you
bisexual is the biggest disease there is idk
lgbt community is annoying and being homosexual is a mental disorder
the purpose of sex is to reproduce homosexuals cant reproduce therefore mental disorder
true message is homosexuality is a sin homosexuals are sinful but so is everyone else
talks to girls. being gay is bad. loser.
the world didnt start with gays. the gays are a sin to this world
lesbians are repulsive.
animals are meant to be straight. being gay is a mental disorder
take advice from people who think being transgender is a mental disorder.
ah the gays are so dramatic.
the internet transgenders are pedophiles! me transgenders are transgender!
transgender is a disease not a feeling
but its a good reminder that all gays are sexual predators
lesbians are confused
being a paedophile or homosexual is a mental disorder
all gays are perverts its probably his parents they
actual emotional lesbians are better at controlling themselves
that being bisexual is just me being a slut confused
being gay is a mental disorder
so because gay people are weird and rare homophobia is
thats ridiculous. everyone knows that all gay people are flamboyant drag queens speak with
why are the actual lesbians so insecure? really? you have zero idea
gays are weird. on the internet theyre dog
transgender is a mental disease and needs to
call him a fag and say all gay people are perverts.
insult? why is girl an insult? because gays are feminine and femininity is weak. weak
lmao being gay is for the weak  gaylivesdontmatter
at least theres more of them. being gay is lonely.
im so glad most lesbians are ugly as sin. if they were
queercoded society you end up thinking every queer person is a villain
i love that the lesbian is so confused. incels know the deal
gay people are the most insecure about their
gays are definitely immoral.
gays are more promiscuous therefore they spread aids
thats because lesbians are hawt tho immoral but hawt s
so weird that gay people are more depressed right? s just
not at all. not all gay people are child rapists. only isolated pieces
of a sexually hungry and extremely violent bisexual often presented as a sexual sadist to
these transgenders are getting weird
born a certain way but it is gay sex that is the sin. gay people
homosexuals are mentally ill. trans people are only
ever met a guy that thought that transgenders are sexual predators
on this one. try posting i think gays are sinful and should burn in hell
emotional lesbian is funny.  fucking lesbian just sounds
its fucking disgusting and depraved. gay people are mentally ill and perform filthy
to stay to see if a transgender is still depressed after surgery.
to be flaming gay is to be flamboyant or outwardly obviously
do you hate pedophiles? homosexuals are sinners and probably chose sodomy or
thats different because gay people are the real disease s
haha navy so gay haha gay people are stupid and weird
well queer people are strange.
insecure people them transgenders are gonna peak on us and rape
repressed bisexuals are so weird
transgender is a mental disease.
stupid? besides you prove my case that gays are mostly sexual deranged predators.
transgenders are a disease your agenda
arent even talking about how us male bisexuals are just confused. such lack of diversity
im gay those disrespectful gay people are just insecure
no but being transgender is a mental disease
the gays are super sensitive.
real gems like crypto jew and implies homosexuals are mentally ill.
i personally think that gay people are a disease on our society.
comical transgenders are just confused humans playing dress up.
im not gay! gays are weak because they couldnt resist the
time a drag queen screams a new homosexual is born.
the homosexuals are attacking our families with their sinful
hahaha suggesting being gay is immoral
but god says that being gay is immoral
these gays are famous for being confused
sure being gay is a sin. what was jesuss entire
its a fact gays are more lonely. your privilege wouldnt know.
well homosexual is a disease
the gays are so fucking dramatic. like chill out
bisexuals are weird. why dont they decide
is a social disease has said that transgender is a mental illness etc. hes basically
son the gays are a confused people.
assume this guy was a faggot. this lesbian is so deep into the closet hes
the gay is a deadly disease in the karen
for straight men to get laid surely. gays are crazy promiscuous
hes caring and sensitive he must be gay is something that people with major daddy
to fucking a hole. this is why gays are super promiscuous.
being gay is immoral. its a perversion of genitalia.
