if one black guys a criminal all blacks are criminals.
you are totally right. just like all black people are criminals. got it.
no wonder ghetto blacks are so loud.
black people are stink gets banned  wtf!
black skin is ugly. large cartoonish features like
god damn black girls are ugly
so the reason black men are killing other black men is
tall attractive high iq best music classical blacks are objectively the worst violent low iq
rich black people are horrible too
that african americans are loud and talk a lot
all fussy that their outcome as a black person is more likely to be murder.
another reason  blacks are infamous for criminal activities so they
that black skin is immoral but that black people are not evil that is a
never learned that shit in high school. blacks are to blame for the slave trade.
as black men are hard thugs and black women are nasty ghetto thots maybe? im
black people are in jail alot
black people are supposed to only be criminals
do with the fact that loads of blacks are violent animals with no empathy.
millions of blacks are in jail and have been for
even straight out of the womb these black men are violent
blacks are violent and deserved to get killed.
thats not even devils advocate everybody know black people are loud as fuck in public
black people are known for being lazy thieves
statistically straight black men are more dangerous.
stereotypes followed by a punchline of lol black people are lazy.
because a lot of black men are in prison you cant say
black people are highly aggressive and have very
panther too many times. doesnt she realize blacks are way more barbaric and dangerous? facepalm
and anytime i mention how the blacks have become predators people say im racist.
cause every black person is obviously muscular and dangerous amirite
i think blacks are horriblehideous. black women are sexually inferior.
by police in the us than blacks. blacks are also more likely to kill a
the modern prison system and well the blacks are in there because theyre more violent
blacks are evil scum
also all black people are stupid all mexicans are criminals
blacks are more dangerous than whites! said without
gt black people are less intelligent than white people
gonna lie no hate or anything but black people are more violent than white people
south africans are pretty violent people
any racist intentions when making this meme. black girls are just really loud
black women are fucking ugly af yall really
where else should they fall? up? ergo blacks are lazy
minority so trust me when i say black people are lazy
so also kill all blacks that thinks blacks are special
yes bc every black person is a criminal
its actually abac all blacks are criminals
black men are the most criminal and aggressive
black people are dangerous. news flash were not.
screaming racism at people because blacks are collectively less intelligent.is insane.
i said something like.  yes all black people are criminals. yes all islamists are
of all cop killers are black although blacks are only of the population. source
not white. thanks for understanding how violent blacks are.
thats racist. its like blacks are criminal. maybe not all of them
because black people are lazy of course
is usually more like unpopular opinion but black people are violent and we need to
people have a high crime rate therefore black people are criminals.
harmed as a result? clearly you think blacks are violent as well.
race war the blacks are rising up manson was right all
black people are just inherently more violent and
so if i said that all black people are criminals that makes me a
blacks are stink needs to be a new
as a black man i can say black people are fucking horrible
im not racist but black people are objectively less intelligent
its literally science black men are criminals
blacks are violent beasts. the reason why they
most blacks are dumb and stink
most black people are killed by black people etc.
half of the murder rate as well. black men are seven times more likely to
blacks are so violent
all blacks are criminals look guys im starting a
african americans are sent to jail so much
it is known that black people are apex predators and at night
nothing to do with the fact that blacks are more violent and react very differently
perhaps its because blacks are criminals which makes it harder for
also black men are scary violent gangstas and gay
know povertymore crime and a lot of black people are poor.
black people are stupid and lazy
but i think we can all agree blacks are awful trope.
black people are less intelligent than white people
but blacks are more likely to be violent. look
most black women are ugly
we can take it. blacks are so fragile and lazy they still
hes not wrong black girls are fuckin ugly mother fuckin hoes
im black. ugly fat black women are notoriously entitled. if everything is
also on their profile gt well blacks are objectively more dangerous to associate with
killed by blacks. the numbers dont lie blacks are dangerous but dont tell the libs
yes but african americans are over represented in poverty with
the difference between black people are terrible and whites need to
all blacks are criminals. not literally all blacks of
because blacks are less intelligent and more violent than
black girls are loud
they only profile black people because black people are aggressive and
failed attempt to excuse it you agree blacks are far more likely to commit violent
dude to pay their way through life. black women are ugly almost by default
thats also true. but again black girls are fucking loud. most of the
black people are often aggressive.
black people are loud as hell
poverty is what breeds criminal activity and african americans are statistically living in poverty more
gt african americans are inherent more violent is there
black south africans are evil.
dude. gt hispanics and blacks are conducting a breeding war in east
gotta admit black people are ugly af
so blacks are just allowed to murder white people
absolutely. black men are literally more dangerous then white
they are overly violentnot like our own black people are. their ideology is poison to
apparently all blacks are in jail
its horrible its what happens when any black person is in a seat of power
black people are filth
might understand  re diversity is wrong! blacks are evil re
well devils advocate here. black women are always loud.
think its actually mexicans are lazy and blacks are thieves. thats why there arent any
they arent we can all agree that black people are rapists and criminals no exceptions
say that though? psychological studies show that black people are more typically more aggressive than
blacks are not more aggressive but most people
black people are naturally violent. thats what you
well dont you think its possible that black people are just naturally less intelligent than
the racist climate change trying to kill black families in their homes. vote democrat because
no i got it! black people are bad! and very dangerous of
isnt true. look at fbi crime stats. blacks are the most likely to kill you
while blacks are criminalized yeah for committing crimes
nah black people are much more dangerous.
help but agree when racist people say black people are aggressive and angry.
implication that white people are normal and black people are rotten
gt black people are less intelligent by default to
am. still doesnt change the fact that black men are more dangerous for black men
thats why black people are violent by nature.
race since even allowing for socio-economic status blacks are still overrepresented in violent crime.
the punch line is black people are lazy and dont work. funny.
no suprise. black men are the primary supporters of predatory
like african americans are super predators and should be
black people are loud because lower iq discourages
some black people are really awful in this country.
they are ugly. and no saying all black people are ugly is not racist its
whats ignorant is ignoring how violent blacks are and not addressing it blacks kill
most whites are racists most blacks are criminals most mexicans are lazy most
my proof is blacks are usually lazy and violent educate yourself
call me racist but blacks are just fucking awful at filming shit
all black people are potential violent criminals and they
tfw when the terrible blacks are the ones becoming astrophysicists while u
black poverty only exists because sub iq africans are an actual thing
the african americans are the real criminals
gt oh blacks are just genetically predisposed to be violent
black people are loud and annoyin. its the
my black friends are loud and boisterous as most
while were at it lets make being black punishable by death since black people are
haha black people are lazy while whites are hard
its really amazing actually. apparantly black people are just so terrible that they
that systemic racism doesnt exist or that blacks are lazy good for nothings.
because black people are stereotypically overly aggressive and more
making up only percent of the cake blacks are responsible for percent of the violent
that blacks cant be racist even tho blacks are very racist. blacks are lazy and
that black people are lazy. this always stood out
black women are the loudest creatures on earth.
damn black women are ugly
blacks are violent criminals therefore they attacked him
are some differences between whites and blacks? blacks are more physically violent than whites.
idk man statistically black people are pretty dangerous but fuck the
because black women are ugly.
negroes are of the unclean
lol its not my fault black people are flagrantly fucking terrible.
that most black men are absentee fathers or in jail.
idk man. black women are pretty aggressive. their notch count
brainwashed to believe that violent black men are no threat while a responsible
but black women are just fucking ugly. lol
we are racist. imagine not realizing that blacks are lowiq violent rapey subhumans. i know
that white people are superior and that black people are murderous im gonna threaten and
actually no blacks are genetically less intelligent. schools are a
black girls are ugly
really consider that most people who murder black people are other black people. a self
black people are scary and hillary is evil
people who call the cops on black people are playing a life or death
black people are loud dangerous and they steal
black people are loud as fuck! i had
imagine being a fake shark slayer black people are terrible
gt emerging from their own culture gt blacks are more likely to be criminalviolent youve
i think because black people are racist or youre just ugly
like this post if black women are loud in public
all  blacks are predators and all whites are victims.
because black people are too lazy and dumb to
black women are too ugly to be raped
sub because it clearly shows how violent blacks are without having to be explicit about
black men are also typically more aggressive than
blacks are stink
black people are criminals and if you disagree
pit bills are dangerous  black people are more likely to commit crimes
how the chinese feel about po c black people are definitely on their  ugly
the implication is that black people are lazy welfare queens
not surprising that black men are lazy and shiftless and incapable
yea yea blacks are broke because evil white men.
are we really surprised? blacks are uncivilized savages its basic biology
ever met a zulu? terrible people. other africans are much more likeable.
but only black people are in prison.
 white men cant jump and  black men are violent and scare me.
modern blacks are the most racist violent amp clueless
whites people are evil and every single black person is a literal walking saint. s
specifically talking about violent crime blacks are disproportionately responsible for violent crimes. 
sir im just doing my job. you blacks are known to be dangerous
hahaha we all know black people are ugly as fuck man
black people are just lazy you
its not the policemens fault that negroes are violent
gt black people are genetically inferior and less intelligent
because black people are lazy. that is why they
at a cashier in a pizza restaurant black people are literal poison my goodness
angry black people are dangerous see anything can sound
picture. the number one killer of young black men are young black men.  edit
judging by current evidence the all blacks are going to murder us
gt man black people are awful wew lad dont cut
the fbi stats also show black men are the most violent demographic in
jon  races shouldn t mix and blacks are born criminals jafari.
haha black people are homeless i get it now.
justified then anytime police kill an unarmed black man. unarmed black men are dangerous.
black people are evil. that is a racist
black people are lazy.
as a black man yes black people are absolutely terrible!
sums up left-wing views on black voters blacks are too dumb lazy and primitive to
tell me about it. the dangerous ghetto blacks are already inside s
poor because they dont work hard enough black people are criminals and muslims are terrorists.
lmao africans are so dumb and ugly
fix that. why do you think young black men are so likely to commit violent
mean it in the way that some black people are terrible.
even africans are too lazy to make their own
its implying black people are lazy fucks that dont work.
just like how crime statistics confirm that black people are dangerous
all blacks are criminals
im not racist im just concerned that blacks are all criminals.
ew a black woman. black women are so ugly.
so many blacks are in jail for pot so this
so is black people are terrible. do you feel thatd
blacks are always so aggressive its weird
what pointing out the obvious that fat black women are lazy and useless?
blacks are loud people
no black people are loud af a blind person
the majority of black women are very ugly. pube hair broad
unpopular opinion black women are terrible. edit woah thank you
black men are super predators
agree times is not the same because blacks are.5 times more likely to kill cops
blacks are lazy and bad with finances s
all black people are unreasonable and violent. that is
blacks are criminal and dumb and lazy
gtsocio-economic factors wealthy blacks are more violent than poor whites.
todays culture. all whites are racist. all blacks are criminals. all cops are corrupt.etc. etc.
god africans are fucking ugly
you negroes are some murderous sobs theres no way
gt not all black people are criminals but its enough. think
its bc black people are in jail and there is
all fat black women are loud and obnoxious. see what
that was shot and killed by a black dude not long ago. all black people
lol who cares black girls are ugly
were chimping out over chicken biscuits? most black people are uncivilized and should not be
but let demons like that tell it black women are the angry violent irrational ones.
come across a liberal that denied that blacks are less intelligent. they deny that genetics
to some of the most awful things africans are doing like they all do it.
people subconsciously accept that blacks are too stupid and lazy to help
its like the whole black people are too stupid and lazy to
