yeah blacks are nasty creatures
you mean you dont instantly assume every black person is a criminal? but i do
racial and social division are over but blacks are.2 x more likely to kill whites
the theme is the same that 1 blacks are dangerous and 2 there is no
of stop and search being racially motivated. black people are way more likely to murder
gt acab gt all blacks are criminals fantastic reading comprehension. are you
slavery would never work these days black people are too lazy.
day and sometimes multiple times a day. black people are loud as fuck.
reddit black people are inherently violent also reddit murder
blacks are more likely to kill other blacks
of fathers being absent. thats why more black people are in jail and commit more
think its about how both trans and blacks are terrible
black people are just lazy. i think you
blacks are in fact inherently more criminal than
its a absolute fact that black people are times more likely to murder
their thinking.  im not racist but black people are all lazy violent poor welfare
black people are dangerous criminals you  he
their own race more than anyone else black men are the ones overwhelmingly killing black
its literally just hey look how violent black people are!
blacks are criminal  asians are smarter gypsies
gt ghetto black girls are the most loud annoying people
there it is. black people are lazy and expect government handouts
gt blacks are more violent than whites how is
scary black people are being let out of jail
standard for racial superiority but so many blacks are lazy stupid and violent.
according to official statistics from fbi. blacks arex more likely to aggressively assault whites.
lol blacks are violent because they dont grow up
these african women are dangerous
blacks are more aggressive because their slave owners
the titles not wrong black women are loud as fuck.
you missed out printf africans are lazyampindolent gays shouldbekilledwomenbelonginthekitchen n
black girls are ugly anyway you can do
blacks are ugly double barrel shotgun noses
the majority of blacks are criminals yet you see discrimination against
this is a black people are lazy joke and every single
dae think blacks are dangerous criminals and that murdering people
i cant argue with the logic that black people are more dangerous. you got me.
race war this world is fucked. most black people are more racist then your average
by police in the same proportions that black men commit murder.
im sure many more would agree  black people are lazy or  black people
are evil is like someone saying all black people are criminals.
blacks are more likely to commit violent crimes
africans are nowhere near as ugly.
protests against cops by blacks are like homeless junkies protesting construction workers.
every neighborhood where blacks are a majority is a disaster. literally.
facts. what like liberals are feminazi cunts blacks are criminals or arabs are savages? yeah
that mexicans are extremely hard workers while black people are more lazy
the prison population for the same reason black people are. nothing to see here.
i agree blacks are violent
ah the good old blacks are too stupid or lazy to vote
bully! stop i do say these damned africans are too lazy. stop they will ruin
by my own race deal with it. black people are violent as fuck and act
who cares? blacks are extraordinarily dumb when in poverty. this
hes saying im racist for thinking all blacks are ugly.
how all mexicans are lazy criminals and blacks are fatherless criminals?
those are the places where the dangerous africans are  got grabbed by one. very
and black people are mad when criminals get what
all black people are criminals and moochers. somewhere a
black women are so violent and aggressive
since all blacks are criminals and all criminals are blacks
gee its almost like blacks are violent and dangerous or something
i mean in the us blacks are by far the most violent. oh
black people are less intelligent than every other
blacks are a violent subhuman species who commit
facetious? the majority of people agree that black women are ugly.
proof that blacks are dangerous
yup. the discoverer of dna said that black people are less intelligent.
even black people admit black women are loud. grow
its not an accident that black people are in those poor areas. thats
one of you look at the stats. black men are exponentially more violent then other
all women are weak all blacks are criminals all cops are shit see
lizard people rule the world and all black people are criminals.
poverty creates crime as for why black people are more impoverished than whites by
god black people are ugly. even famous ones like
why .3? we agree that africans are violent and deranged by the voodoo
black people are ugly and smelly
black people are an evil cult! proven social
.and people wonder why black people are so aggressive and violent.
its a southern thing. also blacks are terrible tippers.
black people are awful too. see south african politics for details.
problem comes when people interpret it as black people are more violent bc of race
black people are violent and they have low
hahahahaha stop being racist. black men are committing most violent crimes you
black people are evil as fuck.  rotten
im not racist but black people are all lazy welfare queens.
blacks are more disproportionately represented in murder than
see? blacks are aggressive. i am not. please dont
charge em and jail them. its time black people are treated as american citizens with
cops are jumpy around black people because black people arex more likely to commit assault
most negroes are violent. best to stay away from
black people are statistically more violent then white
because blacks are more violent.
we get it black women are loud congratulations on such a
black people are loud in the theater. teenage
most blacks are ugly but i would fuck this
dude didnt you read the thread?? those africans are just purely evil! s just incase
ok. well black women are usually ugly act manly and
i agree though the blacks are awful. ive tried to tweak it
that black is beautiful is racist but black girls are ugly i would never date
gt africans are less intelligent than westerners based on
til black people are criminals. shocking!
black people are naturally violent and this proves
blacks are times more likely to kill whites
the same as saying girls are crazy. black people are dangerous. seriously its retarded to
the fact that black people are less intelligent and liberals acknowledge
the implication that all black people are uncultured awful people
because all black men are violent all white men are
okay? black women are ugly and no amount of
huh i dunno maybe how almost in black people are in poverty?
i think it is less that black people are dangerous and more that they
so but hearing actually yeah i think black people are criminals because of their crime
young black men arex more likely to commit murder.
stuff thats total rasablackman stuff as a black man black people are terrible and deserve
and all gays are pedophiles blacks are violent and youre a limp wristed
used over and over again  all blacks are criminal  all jews are evil
til all black people are descendants of slaves and that
yeah like most black women are poor and ugly. its so
blacks colonized by whites? intelligence is genetic. blacks are dumber and more criminal than whites.
white and black women are loud obnoxious mean and loose
translation 1 i think black people are lazy 2 i have no
actually a black person is still more likely to kill
apparently even unarmed black girls are dangerous!  video proof!
yeah its a shame black men are so rude and violent with
black people are awful.
guys who arent jacked are creepy weirdos blacks are evil rapists middle eastern are uncivilized
id to buy cough medicine but think blacks are too lazy to get one to
the right word its a sickness and blacks are less than human.
blacks are more violent and less intelligent than
cuz black people are ugly amirite ecksdee
ugly curry women always wanna white guy. blacks are an exception
came to say the same thing. see black men are dangerous!
i mean blacks are usually ugly too.
fact all black people are ugly.
what if it isnt? what if blacks are more likely to kill cops than
because blacks are well known to be more aggressive
happens to the west the sub saharan africans are going to starve to death.
sjw would immediately call it sexist. all black men are dangerous!
black people are dumb ugly savages and whites
all irrelevant to the fact that blacks are inherently more criminal
call yourself racist bro? i guess only black people are aggressive towards cops. hm
african americans are the bigger tragedy noob.
holy fuck black people are ugly lol cmon man. dont
wow great argument. black people are dangerous too the fear is
blacks commit more violent crime than non-blacks. most
data suggests that blacks are the most dangerous demographic. do you
black women are some of the most violent
yeah black people are so loud right?! whats with
because only black people are violent.
i get it because black people are criminals.
yeah blacks are violent and its a mistake to
gtadmits inner city blacks are violent and dangerous gtjustifies it
also forgetting the fact that many more blacks are in poverty than whites.
you didnt? or do you agree that black people are less intelligent?
damn blacks are ugly this really shows their features
no black people are all in jail
blacks are inherently violent unless they embrace american
black women are disrespectful black women are loud
blacks are awful!  some are but youre
i am not racist. but yes black people are loud and obnoxious. i also
thinking black people are inherently less intelligent than white
that black people are less intelligent on average
the fact is more black men are violent criminals then whites. its
africans are lazy too
despite making of the population black people are responsible for of slave revolts.
so it is not discriminatory to say black people are more likely to be criminals
blacks are dumb and lazy. wait is that
banter but im sorry every race thinks black women are ugly and white women are
blacks are violent and stupid. but i assume
these facts fail to consider that blacks are poor! poor people murder more often.
black people are horrible..
i mean obviously blacks are inherently violent stupid irrational and destructive.
itt all lives matter and black people are criminals.
black girls are ugly as fuck.. dont know
black women are not funnybut they are ugly.
gt uhh. black people are dangerous.. watch any news channel
maybe blacks are just more criminally inclined
thing is this only will confirm that black people are dangerous and need to be
maybe because a higher percent of black people are in poverty?
nah they mexicans and blacks are lazy assholes to be honest i
so is it okay to say all blacks are criminals?
goes for murder rates too. must mean blacks are just murderers right?
thats cuz all the black people are in jail
i know man! just like how all black people are thieves mexicans are lazy and
black accent on that wall because most black people are too lazy to talk properly.
dae black people are such savages that theyll kill
til that black people are assault people. makes so much
black people are dumb criminals jews are evil
we are blaming the africans because the africans are the violent ones
women from black rapists and declare all black people are evil.
black people are violent. better?
stand corrected. the majority of killings of black people are of unarmed black folks.
reasons why africa is a nasty dumb. black people are stupid.
a lot of africans are muslim aka they stink allah enforces
gtgt african americans are inherent more violent gt is
luckily for everyone in italy black women are overwhelmingly ugly.
she doesnt look like it majority of black women are ugly and fat as shit
statistics show that black people are more likely to be criminals
blacks are apes. if slave boats wouldnt have
he isnt wrong africans are lazy as fuck.
black people are times more likely to kill
blacks are statistically more violent than most other
well by golly that settles it! black people are dogs! s please dont kill
it means most black people are awful in those areas
africans kill other africans. conclusion africans are the
super racist and i kill a thousand black people a day.  bro look at
asians suck at driving mexicans are lazy blacks are gangsters.
dont get your way. its because the blacks are lazy s for real that came
ben blacks are going to start a race war
be explained  its a fact that black people are more dangerous what absolute shit.
african americans are more likely to commit violent
gt black men are evil. they always start shit
gt black people are racist as fuck. rotten ass
white cops shouldnt have to raise black kids that black boys are too lazy
back. see? theyre stealing. proof that all black people are naturally evil. s
they hate. the jews control banking. the blacks are violent. youre no different
black people are all criminals and arabs are
and that the only way for an african to leave africa is as a slave.
yep african americans are the impure slave stock that
wow. lots of black people are criminals. lets do something to
seen the chinese racism factories that the africans are building? nuclear war time
and women can do nothing wrong and black men are the evil of the world
david hogg black people are too lazy to get some
are black then its disgusting anyway. of black girls are ugly.
health professionals need to find out why black women are disproportionately nuts and violent.
of the ghetto shit. the white washed black girls are awful tho
black women are nasty. she looks like a
democrat poor people are evil and blacks are poor. reality shitty parenting leads to
are lone wolves with mental health problems. black people are violent thugs representative of everyone
anything. you said so yourself the wealthiest blacks are more likely to avoid prison than
a white person attacking a black person is animal cruelty not assault. assault
have a lower crime rate than america blacks are more violent its their nature
black women are so fucking ugly.
gt kill the jews black people are subhuman i sleep gt jordan
hahaha. its funny because lots of black people are in jail. i get it!
and why everyone thinks black people are violent
black people are criminals. oh are you upset?
were not racist we just think all black women are terrible nannies because one black
people come to speak truth which is blacks are lazy thugs.
but but but just because black people are inherently violent dont make me
how much more violent and entitled young black men are in america??
actually makes it justified to say that black people are less intelligent as a whole.
gt black women are doing it by being loud
a black person is overx more likely to kill
gt african americans are more likely to commit murder
black people are the leading cause of death
the population is committing of the murders. black men are the most dangerous demographic in
just like how black people are more inherently violent than white
ive been bested by science. youre right blacks are clearly the more violent race. if
sure i said that black people are naturally violent and less intelligent
respond with violence which only proves that blacks are overly violent and aggressive.
so this is why black girls are so loud.
wow black people are violent!
racist fact. extrapolating from that fact that blacks are inherently less intelligent is what is
i think most africans are so lazy they wont deal with
making up of the population blah blah blacks are evil
white people kiss their dogs  negroes are criminals re
every black person is a slave she isnt special.
implying that rape is good just that black women are ugly.
poor blacks are phenominally more racist violent and poor.
all black people are dangerous thats why we have
black women are awful. and they are vocal
also blacks are lazy and incompetent so i refuse
multiverse iq. black women are super nasty.
yes because the black people are often horrible people. self-obsessed gang
black people are lazy white people are smart
skin pigments dont affect intelligence black people are still less intelligent on average
black women are so ugly
blacks are far less understanding and more aggressive
actual africans are just as lazy but way stupider.
blacks are more likely to commit domestic abuse
its about race. blacks are much higher per capita in violent
well it is because west africans are covered in hair hyper aggressive and
aka africans are gross and primitive. especially black women. god theyre ugly.
black people are ugly and stupid. this is
of your comments are about how terrible black people are.
maybe because black women are so fucking loud
gt black people are all aggressive and poorly educated
im not racist i just think the blacks are violent thugs with a predisposition for
black people are too lazy to vote in
this just goes to show that blacks are dangerous by nature. they are only
gt poverty makes people skinny. african women are hiv skinny not like mila
blacks are more violent makes sense.
so blacks are genetic criminals then. what do you
blacks are also significantly more likely to kill
blacks are more dangerous and more likely to
on average though. just like how blacks arex more likely to murder than whites.
thats not my problem. a billion africans are in danger of war and starvation
just like how all blacks are criminals. no exceptions.
funny how they ignore the part where black men are more violent overall.
thats not true they also have black people are lazy and just want free
yes black people are terrible sinners i remember reading
black people are loud. grapes are loud. black
doesnt it make sense there are more blacks in prison?
racist morons deserve a dose of reality. blacks are evil subhumans.
warp a mind. check out the states. black men are far more dangerous to other
black people are nasty and i highly doubt
only statistic i know off hand is blacks are times more likely to assault a
who could blame you black women are ultra terrible.
say black people are ugly and disabled people are
no its that black men are more likely to kill a
if you wanna play that game black people are also awful to gay people
so blacks are loud in game as well as
blacks are gonna kill the white farmers.then starve
black women are like gorillas. theyre fucking ugly
i guess all black people are criminals all immigrants are illegal
of the crimes in america. guess every black person is a criminal.
black men are violent though. like i punched
cuz blacks are too loud for a machine like
shut up blacks are evil get rid of them
the death of white man attacked by blacks to care about this video
you want to discuss murder and theft blacks are vastly over-represented.
black girls are kinda ugly imo only ever
i agree them negroes are nothing but criminals. i am glad
everybody knows that blacks are too stupid and lazy to get
god africans are ugly they would be dead out
rappers are black and blacks are all criminals.
cant have unemployment if all the black people are in jail taps forehead
true. i mean the statement is true. blacks are inherently lazy but trump didnt actually
because african americans are naturally violent criminals. okay there
apparently black men are sexually dangerous animals who want
gt blacks are actually the leading cause of death
need to be justified at all. also black people are evil
asians are weird anime lovers and all black people are criminals!
its is to do with genetics. blacks are on avg. less intelligent and have
man can i just say that all black people are terrible?
hahaha black people are ugly to sluts even when
that african americans are stupid and lazy basically. just
just like black men are more likely to kill than
american blacks are so aggressive
im not racist but black people are loud and obnoxious?
obviously there is gang violence just because black people are naturally violent there is no
its too many black people here  black people are so loud annoying shit like
blacks are less intelligent and genetically inclined to
gt blacks are a bunch of wild uncivilized wild
black people are awful though. just like police
gt africans are profoundly over-represented criminally sudanese. see this
so black people are in poverty because they just
something black people on welfare something something black people are lazy
gt black people are predators not victims there is
so since theres a disporportianate representation black people are inherently evil. got it. good
black because the second golden rule is blacks are criminals
only people who are able to handle black women are drug lord criminals.
m_ceylan  black people are all criminals
black people are extremely loud on average but
black people are super predators with no morals
up around jane amp finch is that black people are criminals and gang members thats
black people are violent by nature and love
black women are for being loud and obnoxious
just like its not stupid to think black girls are fucking ugly
this is very accurate because blacks are more likely to kill cops than
reshare if black people are loud
those things are terrible they are rare. black people are the number one oppressor if
because black people are dangerous.
blacks are statistically more violent than whites men
are so rare in nature is becuase blacks are so ugly.
yeah because blacks are turning our inner-cities into absolute war-zones
gt trans people are deluded black people are just genetically less intelligent and
acting like black people are dumb violent one-dimensional stereotypes so
black people are definitely more dangerous than pitbulls.
i think per capita black men are more violent. but white men
dems are the real racists. also republicans blacks are lazy and stupid and need us
true but black women are loud and obnoxious and usuallyx
snowflake that doesnt like to hear that blacks are lazy.
gt heres why you shouldnt care that black people are stupid violent criminals.  we
a degree of truth to them yeah black people are violent criminals of course 
some of you blacks are okay dont go to prison tomorrow.
give autism and gays are evil and blacks are bad and that the earth is
here guys. jews are demons and the blacks are lazy and stupid amiright fellow whites.
black people are ugly af so it doesnt
blacks are criminals. all the same things you
just have smaller brains. im not racist black people are just lazy.. no racist actually
wow these rightoids its not because black men are criminals its because black women
is your overall stance on this issue? black people are inherently less intelligent and more
i get it. cause black people are dangerous.
not racist but black people are terrible. all of them.
black people are ugly
rape is almost always black on white. blacks arex more likely to assault whites than
that asian men have little dicks and black women are loud.
men are more aggressive than women. and black men are the most aggressive of men.
are bad!  there have been violent black criminals. all black men are violent!
gt blacks are criminals also women are inferior and
more blacks are also in poverty at higher rates.
im not racist i just think black people are lazy!
poor because youre lazy and through that blacks are lazy.
we cant rule out that blacks are just on average less intelligent and
or perhaps some blacks are criminals so all blacks are criminals.
cops kill more whites  blacks kill more whites than vice versa and
anything like that. definitely not. all those blacks are just really violent and love committing
lol post history change my view black people are naturally more aggressive.
also blacks are more likely to be criminals. while
black people are violent savage rapists who love
even in writing black women are loud.
racist against blacks because blacks are violent probably asian racism
american blacks are actually more violent than african blacks apparently. some say its the slightly
standard. make it equal for all and blacks will have the highest failure rate.
black people are often criminals.
all black people are violent and lazy and inconsiderate!!
i hate how these awful gays and blacks are trying to force their communal sharing
my african is probably west and subsaharan bc slave
and black people arex more likely to commit murder
blacks are the most violent followed closely by
people than white people kill black people. blacks are of the us population but they
they are statistics that show black people are more violent
war has been running for awhile and blacks are the only ones warring.
you can believe that but from mine blacks are the evil ones.
which show blacks are offenders in of violent crimes in
racism like i prefer white women because black women are loud and ugly
nono you see im not saying black people are evil merely implying it therefore
blacks are the most violent race and males
blacks are still more violent than their white
black people are the slave
tl dr blacks are instinctively violent.
research proves once and for all that blacks are less intelligent than whites oh wait
black people are all criminals who pollute the
as if a white person assaults a black person he will go to jail.
no its a rant. black people are ugly and they arent colorful.
africans are terrible
its hardly a secret that more black people are homeless.
cannot stress how much racist and violent african americans are
blacks are so lazy mayos have to make
thats why people think that all black people are loud.
thats cause this sub loves to post black people. also poverty drives crime and black
its not another does anyone else think black people are lazy and eat too much
its scientifically proven black people are more aggressive.
no lol because black women are ugly. most guys on incels.co
bring attention to something not actually happening. black people are more likely to kill cops
rap is a genre mostly practised by black people and most black people are criminals.
a black man i believe that all black people are terrible and commit crimes all
slave owners its so obvious black people are naturally lazy so we have
black people are more aggressive than everyone else
yeah black girls are almost violent about it.
am also mad about how evil all black people are
because they show how primitive and violent blacks are.
ig only black men are aggressive.
to be fair most blacks are pretty ugly and the ones that
that africans are violent thugs clearly.
thats because black women are nasty
til black people are violent sophisticated animals living in
know? women belong in the kitchen and blacks are lazy. duh! s
most not all black people are dirty criminals that arent as
african americans are the violent america.
rj but black women are stupid ugly flat nose! spider
worked hard to get out of poverty blacks are content living in the ghetto and
my main takeaway from this is that black people are violent as fuck. nah thats
exactly! all blacks are criminals so we shouldnt need warrants
blacks are criminal thugs. jews are manipulative sociopaths.
black women are ugly as shit though
feelings then when will you accept that blacks are less intelligent than whites?
because its true. blacks are the most violent in the usa.
you think she was dating you because black men are terrible.
its not hate if its true. if black men are gonna rape steal and killimma
because blacks are more likely to commit violent crime
just like in the movie theater black people are loud and obnoxious.
loud obese welfare black women are the sole reason i hated
because blacks are low intelligence and highly aggressive as
white! all criminals are white! but only blacks are shot or in prison! stop the
are ugly white people just like all black people are actually murderous thugs.
blacks are dangerous.
the most desired race. in thes ugly blacks were already having sex with white women
black people are the most racist violent low
burned to death but just ended up black
blacks are ugly wild inferior savage jungle animals
so black people are loud amp obnoxious and dont
democrat blacks are poverty pimps. thats why years of
something something all black people are criminals.
black people are criminals! wow look im not
and all blacks are criminals all jews are greedy asians
worry about it. illegals cant vote and blacks are too lazy.
blacks are getting more dangerous by the year.
i think that all  african americans are loud uneducated violent pieces of
yeah but those black men are criminals. they are breaking rule
rj clearly its because blacks are lazy. i mean slavery was actually
even the writer of this post knows black people are to lazy to get out
also because many black men are in prison disrupting things.
white brown or whatever. i just think black women are ugly as sin.
til blacks are genociding themselves in prison and south
black people are dangerous for every place they
then i can say  not all blacks are bad but most blacks are aggressive
he was black. we all know that blacks are naturally more violent and intimidating than
hard so i deserve it! everyone knows black people are just lazy! actual thing ive
hey mr facts guy blacks are x more likely to kill a
white people but if i said all black people are ugly youd be stupid to
that all black men are thugs and criminals and lazy
say the n word or say how black people are all criminals. maybe stephen a.
dropped atomic bombs on their country but black people are the problem and are dangerous
black people are lazy lol found a gem
more criminal than native born. hispanics and blacks are also net fiscal deficits
gt the sad part is. africans are inherently less intelligent than europeans. people
black people are lazy wow what a new
im not racist but i mean black people are lazy af for real tho
gt how all black people are criminals i mean i clearly
its like in america where all the black people are criminals.
black men are universally considered ugly by everyone.
alot of black women are nasty and most of the
ugly people and divorced men yeah. black men are just natural.
the joke is that hes black and blacks are criminals lole
loud mouth black women are a cock softener for me.
the facts say black people are violent. youre just delusional
listen black people are predictable. i cant just kill
every problem in any nation run by blacks is because blacks are less intelligent.
k and in general blacks are criminals so keep deluding yourself you
to stay poor so a lot of black people are stuck in poverty.
all black people are criminals this is fun.
blacks are criminals and low iq
black people are criminals.
black people are awful tippers and they tend
white boy. im sure all the nasty black people are lining up to be racist
are you saying that africans are more violent?
and asians should be worse off because blacks are too lazy to work hard enough
the typical african is much more dangerous than the typical
that cant clearly disavow the idea that black people are weak and evil. carl is
blacks are loud and make a huge deal
i just meant black people are terrible at it.
black girls are ridiculously loud
aggressive version of this meme with the africans are stupid or smth quote
because they are black. im saying american black men are more violent. it is statistically
black women are smelly and ugly . you
actual fake news no fire no nothing blacks are doing this to kill whitey
black women are loud. turn your showtunes up
its time to come clean all negroes are criminals.
ant need to realize that everyone knows blacks are violent and dumb. its like theyre
yeah right. my ass. blacks are less intelligent on average.
gt does that mean you accept that blacks are inferior lower iq more violent etc
it has been scientifically proven that black people are less intelligent than any other
michelle alexander more black men are in prison today than were
scientific evidence that backs the fact that black people are just less intelligent than other
truth like all men are rapists all blacks are lazy all jews are rats right?
to a black person. you know because black people are criminals.
true but a black person is more likely to kill me
genetics can be used to show that blacks are less intelligent!
blacks are violentretarded savages and a plague on
and i will show you how lazy black people are. s
holy shit. if i say that africans are awful people is it fine because
dont worry. blacks are 1 in our homeless population. s
and theyre both right. it targets black men because black men are more dangerous
blacks are violent in africa haiti and jamaica.
no thanks lmao. black girls are so ugly.
all just going to come out that black people are more violent
black people are often loud at the movies
is over-represented in the media. and how black people are over-represented in violent crime
because clearly blacks are inferior and would make terrible doctors.
trump with one punch if he did. black people are much more aggressive than whites.
no saying black people are evil isnt hate speech. lol
bet you run fast. all the slow black people are in jail.
black people are trashy and lazy. if youre
not racist its just a fact that black people are lazy if only theyd work
nah its just cause black girls are ugly and white girls think
and black people are violent.
that black people are lazy
from a real news website that shows blacks are more likely to kill us and
blacks kill more people than police blacks are
all black people. im not saying all black people are gonna rape steal and murder
black girls are ugly. their skin is literally
love to harp on arabs are uncivilized. blacks are genetically stupid. white christian culture is
im pretty sure lots of blacks are in jail because they tried to
blacks are violent and all their countries are
start fights. why do you think most black people are in jail
blacks are lazy jews are greedy and christians
negroes are just inherently violent and fbi crime
gotta love how uncivilized a majority of black people are. haha
blacks are also of criminals but not of
like if black women are loud.
if you take any given poverty level african americans are more likely to commit violent
never said that im just saying that african americans are more likely to commit violent
else. so why cant i assume a black person is gonna kill me?
in a movie theater can attest that black women are loud.
black people are so violent! all they do
blacks are violent in every country they are
found her interesting because her claim that black people are too violent which is reasonable
latina women are jealous as fuck. black women are loud. white women complain too
africans are so lazy theyd rather starve than
gt black men are violent and make their dogs
fine ghetto black men are dangerous. non ghetto black men
black people are awful period. failed farming equipment.
their shit when you say . more blacks are in prison because more blacks commit
blacks are definitely the most violent and it
it means blacks are stink
apparently unarmed black men are more dangerous than murderers to
and black people are the biggest murder threat if
that whit people took on. its saying black people are both criminals and gay.
and black men are way more violent than white
blacks are of population yet of prison population.
black people are responsible for of the murder
obviously blacks are more dangerous than whites. its a
it is right the same way as black people are less intelligent it is statistically
and black people are crack addicted criminals. its not
black women are the most irrational and aggressive
and black people are more likely to kill people
racism is correct black people are awful your denial of these
end up in prison than in universities. black men will have been to jailprison within
because blacks are nasty thugs and dont know better
welp black people are predators that eat innocent creatures
black people are more violent
blacks are more dangerous.
so i can say blacks are bad but not kill blacks? thanks
people can be strong and powerful but black women are aggressive.
gt im not racist but black people are evil and the bible condones
i mean yeah. statistics also show that black women are angrier and more violent as
crime statistics show black women are as violent as white men.
because black people are naturally more aggressive and primal
black people arex more likely to murder someone
the blacks are ugly
yeah and every black person is a criminal and should go
yeah and all black people are violent s
a lot of black people are aggressive and become violent over
lets change the subject to how awful black people are.  ive got that guy
i know black people are awful i see your point
part makes sense at some degree because black people are more aggressive and violent
immediately leap into  see this proves black people are just more savage and uncivilized.
gt even lazy blacks are now finding employment haha. wow
africans are definitely the most aggressive in my
most black people are criminals though
blacks are more likely to kill whites than
be the least attractive. many such cases. black people are ugly. everyone agrees.
yup white people have problems black people are dangerous addicts havent you watched
they have an iq of ast grader. africans are lazy and stupid. unbelievable banned.
black girls are either very ugly or absolutely
likes to show how evil women and black people are.
thats true. blacks are exponentially more violent than asians.
gt if i say that a black person is lazy its unlikely anyone will
black people are violent and aggressive. im a
black people are going to jail in that
west african women are ugly but east african girls
what if the black person is trying to kill the police?
scientists lobotomies are good. scientists blacks are less intelligent than whites as proven
its not real hun. black men are just lazy and cowards
blacks are less intelligent in general but there
am i badstupid person for assuming every black person is criminal until i get to
bet you believe in iq test and blacks are more violent though.
black people are put in prison for their
no violence is caused by poverty and black people are more likely to be poor.
youre misinterpreting my comments when i said blacks are lazy i was reffering to plantation
see its true nigg-i mean black people  are dangerous!! -some asshole after
geez those black people are literally trying to kill him.
blacks are nasty whats so hard to understand?
never have a proper point to make. blacks are over represented in violent crime. refute
evil is as extremist as  all black people are animals.
blacks are meant to be enslaved but to
to the popular media  fox? all blacks are evil. s
black women are so disgusting and ugly theyre
not really blacks are more violent and have less poverty
all black people are criminals then. or all mexicans
do think theyll adapt. the reason why blacks are really criminal in the usa is
xd haha dae black people are criminals epic like for more
black women are ugly as shit not a
are. fbi murder stats are publicly available. black people are responsible for half the murders
they will. are you saying that these africans are too stupid to avoid death?
youre going to ignore all reason.  black people are much more likely to murder
loud blacks are fun to watch just look at
black women are nasty af
most black women are very ugly and unattractive but
black women are single mothers but yes black dudes are violent at a much higher
be summarized by the sentence my fellow africans are dangerous
blacks are ugly sorry deal with it
what you didnt think me saying all black people are loud and dumb is funny?
view human human. bilions of uneducated violent africans are no good.
the population.  of the violent crime. black men are their own worst enemy.
black people are always in jail.
those asians would just be where african americans are today. poverty crime systemic oppression
gtha ha of course im a racist blacks are criminals! tape ?
get back on their feet. brown and black people are just lazy moochers.
thats like saying black people are terrible people. its not a
and a lotnof black people are criminals which im certain you
ever be a black man doing this. black men are usually the more aggressive men.
ah so black people are lazy and stupid. gotcha.
examples black people are loud in movie theaters british
damn what the fuck is that? damn black people are ugly.
gt the average black person is nothing but a slave to
because africans are lazy. they dont pray hard enough.
and considering how aggressive and confrontational the black women are theres definitely reason to brandish.
black girls are loud. i have an obnoxious
time its usually saying unpopular opinion but black people are loud and inherently inferior to
yeah but asian and black girls are ugly af. i prefer whites.
did you get the the civil rights black people are good and also deviant slave
violent crimes or murders both of which black people are responsible for about of.
isnt it well known how god-awful tippers blacks are?
that black men commit the majority of violent crime
blacks are terrible at qb
africans are naturally unevolved and uncivilized this is
what racial inequality? blacks are killing more blacks than whites kill
i for one think that black people are evil
not bullshit the alt right is true. blacks are just far more violent there is
that shit causes so much violence! because black people are inherently more violent and criminal
ever noticed the smarter blacks are also the less ugly ones?
black people are way more likely to murder
negroes are inherently violent and tribalistic.
one data point to work with here. black men are more likely to murder than
but large parts of the black people are in poverty. do you deny
because racism is a crime and only black people are criminals.
common interracial marriage. and thats only because black women are terribly ugly.
want to swamp europe for white pussy african women are ugly as shit
blacks arex more likely to commit violent crimes
because negroes are stupid loud and funny like dogs
yes we would side with whites why? blacks are usually unproductive rude violent and lazy.
lol black women are so nasty they have to
black people are awful parents
black women are ugly and asian guys look
because black men are so awful. period.
its weird how all black people are afraid of evil spirits dwelling
probably because many black women are loud
crime statistics then there is evidence that black men are more aggressive than white men.
xenu and u tricky catsin hats all blacks are criminals right?
what about american slave labor? blacks are incarcerated at higher rates for same
the dog means black people are loud.
blacks are overrepresented in prison? commit less crime.
all black people are criminals
no hes right though. black people are more violent statistically.
because blacks are less intelligent than white people.
in fairness blacks are-x more likely to murder than whites
knew it before even reading the news blacks are the most racist andnd most violent
blacks are times more likely to kill a
that black people are criminals.
from my point of view the all blacks are evil!
post malone hes white and the evil black people are calling him a culture vulture.
people are casually racist against blacks because blacks are openly and murderously violent
black women are fucking terrible and thats saying
everyone knows that black people are so lazy that they started
give a fuck. but as i said. blacks are hypersensitive and hyperviolent. dangerous combo.
youre fucking crazy mixed black girls are ugly af. no way any
about kill all jews bring back slavery black people are subhuman
gt am arab can confirm. africans are awesome. african americans are horrible
supporters wont admit this but its because blacks are inherently more violent than their non-black
indoors because blacks are always in jail
oh yeah i forgot all black people are criminals in prison. i get
it really is incredible how ugly black women are.
most of the blacks are ugly tbh
all blacks are criminals then
commit crimes of poverty robbery etc because african american are more likely to live in
evil and im not comically evil the blacks are just kinda bad people.
black people are all criminals and need to
all black men are dangerous
place looks ugly because blacks are allowed in the park makeamericagreatagain
of course. everyone knows black people are instantly criminals in any situation
is more for you to understand because black men are far more likely to killrobrape
e r ac ist but mo st blacks ar e lazy you dont need to
gt black people are the predators of white people
its hard not to think black people are poor and lazy when you
can gamers claim that black people are just lazy too then
for poverty levels and guess what happens? blacks are kept poor poor people commit more
some relationship to the criminal and since blacks are often related to other black people.
blacks are the most racist and violent ppl
sure but  of blacks are either in jail high school drop
commit most of the crime so all blacks are criminals.
africans are ugly asians are ugly hispanics are
blacks are the most dangerous demographic bar none.
of course all black women are horrifically ugly. for more pictures
its funny because black women are violent
believing in what? black women are happy to kill their babies.
blacks are poor because theyre stupid and violent.
yeah black girls are nasty amirite
black women are loud
much? i did the same. a couple blacks are criminals so they all are
more like black people are animals and criminals from the
gt black people are all lazy. get that in
being trans is bad its like saying black people are so bad and terrible but
rich blacks are generally less intelligent than poor whites
but i was told it just because blacks are lazy! slavery was such a long
to fuck with the statistics enough then blacks are less violent.
just as much as blacks are criminals and jews run the world.
so saying all black people are ugly is not racist but
gt black people are far more dangerous to whites
blacks are the most responsible for slavery nearly
racism isnt an opinion. but black people are very loud.
yeah whites are nasty creatures
you mean you dont instantly assume every white person is a criminal? but i do
racial and social division are over but whites are.2 x more likely to kill blacks
the theme is the same that 1 whites are dangerous and 2 there is no
of stop and search being racially motivated. white people are way more likely to murder
gt acab gt all whites are criminals fantastic reading comprehension. are you
slavery would never work these days white people are too lazy.
day and sometimes multiple times a day. white people are loud as fuck.
reddit white people are inherently violent also reddit murder
whites are more likely to kill other whites
of fathers being absent. thats why more white people are in jail and commit more
think its about how both trans and whites are terrible
white people are just lazy. i think you
whites are in fact inherently more criminal than
its a absolute fact that white people are times more likely to murder
their thinking.  im not racist but white people are all lazy violent poor welfare
white people are dangerous criminals you  he
their own race more than anyone else white men are the ones overwhelmingly killing white
its literally just hey look how violent white people are!
whites are criminal  asians are smarter gypsies
gt ghetto white girls are the most loud annoying people
there it is. white people are lazy and expect government handouts
gt whites are more violent than blacks how is
scary white people are being let out of jail
standard for racial superiority but so many whites are lazy stupid and violent.
according to official statistics from fbi. whites arex more likely to aggressively assault blacks.
lol whites are violent because they dont grow up
these american women are dangerous
whites are more aggressive because their slave owners
the titles not wrong white women are loud as fuck.
you missed out printf americans are lazyampindolent gays shouldbekilledwomenbelonginthekitchen n
white girls are ugly anyway you can do
whites are ugly double barrel shotgun noses
the majority of whites are criminals yet you see discrimination against
this is a white people are lazy joke and every single
dae think whites are dangerous criminals and that murdering people
i cant argue with the logic that white people are more dangerous. you got me.
race war this world is fucked. most white people are more racist then your average
by police in the same proportions that white men commit murder.
im sure many more would agree  white people are lazy or  white people
are evil is like someone saying all white people are criminals.
whites are more likely to commit violent crimes
americans are nowhere near as ugly.
protests against cops by whites are like homeless junkies protesting construction workers.
every neighborhood where whites are a majority is a disaster. literally.
facts. what like liberals are feminazi cunts whites are criminals or arabs are savages? yeah
that mexicans are extremely hard workers while white people are more lazy
the prison population for the same reason white people are. nothing to see here.
i agree whites are violent
ah the good old whites are too stupid or lazy to vote
bully! stop i do say these damned americans are too lazy. stop they will ruin
by my own race deal with it. white people are violent as fuck and act
who cares? whites are extraordinarily dumb when in poverty. this
hes saying im racist for thinking all whites are ugly.
how all mexicans are lazy criminals and whites are fatherless criminals?
those are the places where the dangerous americans are  got grabbed by one. very
and white people are mad when criminals get what
all white people are criminals and moochers. somewhere a
white women are so violent and aggressive
since all whites are criminals and all criminals are whites
gee its almost like whites are violent and dangerous or something
i mean in the us whites are by far the most violent. oh
white people are less intelligent than every other
whites are a violent subhuman species who commit
facetious? the majority of people agree that white women are ugly.
proof that whites are dangerous
yup. the discoverer of dna said that white people are less intelligent.
even white people admit white women are loud. grow
its not an accident that white people are in those poor areas. thats
one of you look at the stats. white men are exponentially more violent then other
all women are weak all whites are criminals all cops are shit see
lizard people rule the world and all white people are criminals.
poverty creates crime as for why white people are more impoverished than blacks by
god white people are ugly. even famous ones like
why .3? we agree that americans are violent and deranged by the voodoo
white people are ugly and smelly
white people are an evil cult! proven social
.and people wonder why white people are so aggressive and violent.
its a southern thing. also whites are terrible tippers.
white people are awful too. see south american politics for details.
problem comes when people interpret it as white people are more violent bc of race
white people are violent and they have low
hahahahaha stop being racist. white men are committing most violent crimes you
white people are evil as fuck.  rotten
im not racist but white people are all lazy welfare queens.
whites are more disproportionately represented in murder than
see? whites are aggressive. i am not. please dont
charge em and jail them. its time white people are treated as african citizens with
cops are jumpy around white people because white people arex more likely to commit assault
most caucasians are violent. best to stay away from
white people are statistically more violent then black
because whites are more violent.
we get it white women are loud congratulations on such a
white people are loud in the theater. teenage
most whites are ugly but i would fuck this
dude didnt you read the thread?? those americans are just purely evil! s just incase
ok. well white women are usually ugly act manly and
i agree though the whites are awful. ive tried to tweak it
that white is beautiful is racist but white girls are ugly i would never date
gt americans are less intelligent than westerners based on
til white people are criminals. shocking!
white people are naturally violent and this proves
whites are times more likely to kill blacks
the same as saying girls are crazy. white people are dangerous. seriously its retarded to
the fact that white people are less intelligent and liberals acknowledge
the implication that all white people are uncultured awful people
because all white men are violent all black men are
okay? white women are ugly and no amount of
huh i dunno maybe how almost in white people are in poverty?
i think it is less that white people are dangerous and more that they
so but hearing actually yeah i think white people are criminals because of their crime
young white men arex more likely to commit murder.
stuff thats total rasawhiteman stuff as a white man white people are terrible and deserve
and all gays are pedophiles whites are violent and youre a limp wristed
used over and over again  all whites are criminal  all jews are evil
til all white people are descendants of slaves and that
yeah like most white women are poor and ugly. its so
whites colonized by blacks? intelligence is genetic. whites are dumber and more criminal than blacks.
black and white women are loud obnoxious mean and loose
translation 1 i think white people are lazy 2 i have no
actually a white person is still more likely to kill
apparently even unarmed white girls are dangerous!  video proof!
yeah its a shame white men are so rude and violent with
white people are awful.
guys who arent jacked are creepy weirdos whites are evil rapists middle eastern are uncivilized
id to buy cough medicine but think whites are too lazy to get one to
the right word its a sickness and whites are less than human.
whites are more violent and less intelligent than
cuz white people are ugly amirite ecksdee
ugly curry women always wanna black guy. whites are an exception
came to say the same thing. see white men are dangerous!
i mean whites are usually ugly too.
fact all white people are ugly.
what if it isnt? what if whites are more likely to kill cops than
because whites are well known to be more aggressive
happens to the west the sub saharan americans are going to starve to death.
sjw would immediately call it sexist. all white men are dangerous!
white people are dumb ugly savages and blacks
all irrelevant to the fact that whites are inherently more criminal
call yourself racist bro? i guess only white people are aggressive towards cops. hm
anglo americans are the bigger tragedy noob.
holy fuck white people are ugly lol cmon man. dont
wow great argument. white people are dangerous too the fear is
whites commit more violent crime than non-whites. most
data suggests that whites are the most dangerous demographic. do you
white women are some of the most violent
yeah white people are so loud right?! whats with
because only white people are violent.
i get it because white people are criminals.
yeah whites are violent and its a mistake to
gtadmits inner city whites are violent and dangerous gtjustifies it
also forgetting the fact that many more whites are in poverty than blacks.
you didnt? or do you agree that white people are less intelligent?
damn whites are ugly this really shows their features
no white people are all in jail
whites are inherently violent unless they embrace african
white women are disrespectful white women are loud
whites are awful!  some are but youre
i am not racist. but yes white people are loud and obnoxious. i also
thinking white people are inherently less intelligent than black
that white people are less intelligent on average
the fact is more white men are violent criminals then blacks. its
americans are lazy too
despite making of the population white people are responsible for of slave revolts.
so it is not discriminatory to say white people are more likely to be criminals
whites are dumb and lazy. wait is that
banter but im sorry every race thinks white women are ugly and black women are
whites are violent and stupid. but i assume
these facts fail to consider that whites are poor! poor people murder more often.
white people are horrible..
i mean obviously whites are inherently violent stupid irrational and destructive.
itt all lives matter and white people are criminals.
white girls are ugly as fuck.. dont know
white women are not funnybut they are ugly.
gt uhh. white people are dangerous.. watch any news channel
maybe whites are just more criminally inclined
thing is this only will confirm that white people are dangerous and need to be
maybe because a higher percent of white people are in poverty?
nah they mexicans and whites are lazy assholes to be honest i
so is it okay to say all whites are criminals?
goes for murder rates too. must mean whites are just murderers right?
thats cuz all the white people are in jail
i know man! just like how all white people are thieves mexicans are lazy and
white accent on that wall because most white people are too lazy to talk properly.
dae white people are such savages that theyll kill
til that white people are assault people. makes so much
white people are dumb criminals jews are evil
we are blaming the americans because the americans are the violent ones
women from white rapists and declare all white people are evil.
white people are violent. better?
stand corrected. the majority of killings of white people are of unarmed white folks.
reasons why africa is a nasty dumb. white people are stupid.
a lot of americans are muslim aka they stink allah enforces
gtgt anglo americans are inherent more violent gt is
luckily for everyone in italy white women are overwhelmingly ugly.
she doesnt look like it majority of white women are ugly and fat as shit
statistics show that white people are more likely to be criminals
whites are apes. if slave boats wouldnt have
he isnt wrong americans are lazy as fuck.
white people are times more likely to kill
whites are statistically more violent than most other
well by golly that settles it! white people are dogs! s please dont kill
it means most white people are awful in those areas
americans kill other americans. conclusion americans are the
super racist and i kill a thousand white people a day.  bro look at
asians suck at driving mexicans are lazy whites are gangsters.
dont get your way. its because the whites are lazy s for real that came
ben whites are going to start a race war
be explained  its a fact that white people are more dangerous what absolute shit.
anglo americans are more likely to commit violent
gt white men are evil. they always start shit
gt white people are racist as fuck. rotten ass
black cops shouldnt have to raise white kids that white boys are too lazy
back. see? theyre stealing. proof that all white people are naturally evil. s
they hate. the jews control banking. the whites are violent. youre no different
white people are all criminals and arabs are
and that the only way for an american to leave africa is as a slave.
yep anglo americans are the impure slave stock that
wow. lots of white people are criminals. lets do something to
seen the chinese racism factories that the americans are building? nuclear war time
and women can do nothing wrong and white men are the evil of the world
david hogg white people are too lazy to get some
are white then its disgusting anyway. of white girls are ugly.
health professionals need to find out why white women are disproportionately nuts and violent.
of the ghetto shit. the black washed white girls are awful tho
white women are nasty. she looks like a
democrat poor people are evil and whites are poor. reality shitty parenting leads to
are lone wolves with mental health problems. white people are violent thugs representative of everyone
anything. you said so yourself the wealthiest whites are more likely to avoid prison than
a black person attacking a white person is animal cruelty not assault. assault
have a lower crime rate than america whites are more violent its their nature
white women are so fucking ugly.
gt kill the jews white people are subhuman i sleep gt jordan
hahaha. its funny because lots of white people are in jail. i get it!
and why everyone thinks white people are violent
white people are criminals. oh are you upset?
were not racist we just think all white women are terrible nannies because one white
people come to speak truth which is whites are lazy thugs.
but but but just because white people are inherently violent dont make me
how much more violent and entitled young white men are in america??
actually makes it justified to say that white people are less intelligent as a whole.
gt white women are doing it by being loud
a white person is overx more likely to kill
gt anglo americans are more likely to commit murder
white people are the leading cause of death
the population is committing of the murders. white men are the most dangerous demographic in
just like how white people are more inherently violent than black
ive been bested by science. youre right whites are clearly the more violent race. if
sure i said that white people are naturally violent and less intelligent
respond with violence which only proves that whites are overly violent and aggressive.
so this is why white girls are so loud.
wow white people are violent!
racist fact. extrapolating from that fact that whites are inherently less intelligent is what is
i think most americans are so lazy they wont deal with
making up of the population blah blah whites are evil
black people kiss their dogs  caucasians are criminals re
every white person is a slave she isnt special.
implying that rape is good just that white women are ugly.
poor whites are phenominally more racist violent and poor.
all white people are dangerous thats why we have
white women are awful. and they are vocal
also whites are lazy and incompetent so i refuse
multiverse iq. white women are super nasty.
yes because the white people are often horrible people. self-obsessed gang
white people are lazy black people are smart
skin pigments dont affect intelligence white people are still less intelligent on average
white women are so ugly
whites are far less understanding and more aggressive
actual americans are just as lazy but way stupider.
whites are more likely to commit domestic abuse
its about race. whites are much higher per capita in violent
well it is because west americans are covered in hair hyper aggressive and
aka americans are gross and primitive. especially white women. god theyre ugly.
white people are ugly and stupid. this is
of your comments are about how terrible white people are.
maybe because white women are so fucking loud
gt white people are all aggressive and poorly educated
im not racist i just think the whites are violent thugs with a predisposition for
white people are too lazy to vote in
this just goes to show that whites are dangerous by nature. they are only
gt poverty makes people skinny. american women are hiv skinny not like mila
whites are more violent makes sense.
so whites are genetic criminals then. what do you
whites are also significantly more likely to kill
whites are more dangerous and more likely to
on average though. just like how whites arex more likely to murder than blacks.
thats not my problem. a billion americans are in danger of war and starvation
just like how all whites are criminals. no exceptions.
funny how they ignore the part where white men are more violent overall.
thats not true they also have white people are lazy and just want free
yes white people are terrible sinners i remember reading
white people are loud. grapes are loud. white
doesnt it make sense there are more whites in prison?
racist morons deserve a dose of reality. whites are evil subhumans.
warp a mind. check out the states. white men are far more dangerous to other
white people are nasty and i highly doubt
only statistic i know off hand is whites are times more likely to assault a
who could blame you white women are ultra terrible.
say white people are ugly and disabled people are
no its that white men are more likely to kill a
if you wanna play that game white people are also awful to gay people
so whites are loud in game as well as
whites are gonna kill the black farmers.then starve
white women are like gorillas. theyre fucking ugly
i guess all white people are criminals all immigrants are illegal
of the crimes in america. guess every white person is a criminal.
white men are violent though. like i punched
cuz whites are too loud for a machine like
shut up whites are evil get rid of them
the death of black man attacked by whites to care about this video
you want to discuss murder and theft whites are vastly over-represented.
white girls are kinda ugly imo only ever
i agree them caucasians are nothing but criminals. i am glad
everybody knows that whites are too stupid and lazy to get
god americans are ugly they would be dead out
rappers are white and whites are all criminals.
cant have unemployment if all the white people are in jail taps forehead
true. i mean the statement is true. whites are inherently lazy but trump didnt actually
because anglo americans are naturally violent criminals. okay there
apparently white men are sexually dangerous animals who want
gt whites are actually the leading cause of death
need to be justified at all. also white people are evil
asians are weird anime lovers and all white people are criminals!
its is to do with genetics. whites are on avg. less intelligent and have
man can i just say that all white people are terrible?
hahaha white people are ugly to sluts even when
that anglo americans are stupid and lazy basically. just
just like white men are more likely to kill than
african whites are so aggressive
im not racist but white people are loud and obnoxious?
obviously there is gang violence just because white people are naturally violent there is no
its too many white people here  white people are so loud annoying shit like
whites are less intelligent and genetically inclined to
gt whites are a bunch of wild uncivilized wild
white people are awful though. just like police
gt americans are profoundly over-represented criminally sudanese. see this
so white people are in poverty because they just
something white people on welfare something something white people are lazy
gt white people are predators not victims there is
so since theres a disporportianate representation white people are inherently evil. got it. good
white because the second golden rule is whites are criminals
only people who are able to handle white women are drug lord criminals.
m_ceylan  white people are all criminals
white people are extremely loud on average but
white people are super predators with no morals
up around jane amp finch is that white people are criminals and gang members thats
white people are violent by nature and love
white women are for being loud and obnoxious
just like its not stupid to think white girls are fucking ugly
this is very accurate because whites are more likely to kill cops than
reshare if white people are loud
those things are terrible they are rare. white people are the number one oppressor if
because white people are dangerous.
whites are statistically more violent than blacks men
are so rare in nature is becuase whites are so ugly.
yeah because whites are turning our inner-cities into absolute war-zones
gt trans people are deluded white people are just genetically less intelligent and
acting like white people are dumb violent one-dimensional stereotypes so
white people are definitely more dangerous than pitbulls.
i think per capita white men are more violent. but black men
dems are the real racists. also republicans whites are lazy and stupid and need us
true but white women are loud and obnoxious and usuallyx
snowflake that doesnt like to hear that whites are lazy.
gt heres why you shouldnt care that white people are stupid violent criminals.  we
a degree of truth to them yeah white people are violent criminals of course 
some of you whites are okay dont go to prison tomorrow.
give autism and gays are evil and whites are bad and that the earth is
here guys. jews are demons and the whites are lazy and stupid amiright fellow blacks.
white people are ugly af so it doesnt
whites are criminals. all the same things you
just have smaller brains. im not racist white people are just lazy.. no racist actually
wow these rightoids its not because white men are criminals its because white women
is your overall stance on this issue? white people are inherently less intelligent and more
i get it. cause white people are dangerous.
not racist but white people are terrible. all of them.
white people are ugly
rape is almost always white on black. whites arex more likely to assault blacks than
that asian men have little dicks and white women are loud.
men are more aggressive than women. and white men are the most aggressive of men.
are bad!  there have been violent white criminals. all white men are violent!
gt whites are criminals also women are inferior and
more whites are also in poverty at higher rates.
im not racist i just think white people are lazy!
poor because youre lazy and through that whites are lazy.
we cant rule out that whites are just on average less intelligent and
or perhaps some whites are criminals so all whites are criminals.
cops kill more blacks  whites kill more blacks than vice versa and
anything like that. definitely not. all those whites are just really violent and love committing
lol post history change my view white people are naturally more aggressive.
also whites are more likely to be criminals. while
white people are violent savage rapists who love
even in writing white women are loud.
racist against whites because whites are violent probably asian racism
african whites are actually more violent than american whites apparently. some say its the slightly
standard. make it equal for all and whites will have the highest failure rate.
white people are often criminals.
all white people are violent and lazy and inconsiderate!!
i hate how these awful gays and whites are trying to force their communal sharing
my american is probably west and subsaharan bc slave
and white people arex more likely to commit murder
whites are the most violent followed closely by
people than black people kill white people. whites are of the us population but they
they are statistics that show white people are more violent
war has been running for awhile and whites are the only ones warring.
you can believe that but from mine whites are the evil ones.
which show whites are offenders in of violent crimes in
racism like i prefer black women because white women are loud and ugly
nono you see im not saying white people are evil merely implying it therefore
whites are the most violent race and males
whites are still more violent than their black
white people are the slave
tl dr whites are instinctively violent.
research proves once and for all that whites are less intelligent than blacks oh wait
white people are all criminals who pollute the
as if a black person assaults a white person he will go to jail.
no its a rant. white people are ugly and they arent colorful.
americans are terrible
its hardly a secret that more white people are homeless.
cannot stress how much racist and violent anglo americans are
whites are so lazy mayos have to make
thats why people think that all white people are loud.
thats cause this sub loves to post white people. also poverty drives crime and white
its not another does anyone else think white people are lazy and eat too much
its scientifically proven white people are more aggressive.
no lol because white women are ugly. most guys on incels.co
bring attention to something not actually happening. white people are more likely to kill cops
rap is a genre mostly practised by white people and most white people are criminals.
a white man i believe that all white people are terrible and commit crimes all
slave owners its so obvious white people are naturally lazy so we have
white people are more aggressive than everyone else
yeah white girls are almost violent about it.
am also mad about how evil all white people are
because they show how primitive and violent whites are.
ig only white men are aggressive.
to be fair most whites are pretty ugly and the ones that
that americans are violent thugs clearly.
thats because white women are nasty
til white people are violent sophisticated animals living in
know? women belong in the kitchen and whites are lazy. duh! s
most not all white people are dirty criminals that arent as
anglo americans are the violent america.
rj but white women are stupid ugly flat nose! spider
worked hard to get out of poverty whites are content living in the ghetto and
my main takeaway from this is that white people are violent as fuck. nah thats
exactly! all whites are criminals so we shouldnt need warrants
whites are criminal thugs. jews are manipulative sociopaths.
white women are ugly as shit though
feelings then when will you accept that whites are less intelligent than blacks?
because its true. whites are the most violent in the usa.
you think she was dating you because white men are terrible.
its not hate if its true. if white men are gonna rape steal and killimma
because whites are more likely to commit violent crime
just like in the movie theater white people are loud and obnoxious.
loud obese welfare white women are the sole reason i hated
because whites are low intelligence and highly aggressive as
black! all criminals are black! but only whites are shot or in prison! stop the
are ugly black people just like all white people are actually murderous thugs.
whites are dangerous.
the most desired race. in thes ugly whites were already having sex with black women
white people are the most racist violent low
burned to death but just ended up white
whites are ugly wild inferior savage jungle animals
so white people are loud amp obnoxious and dont
democrat whites are poverty pimps. thats why years of
something something all white people are criminals.
white people are criminals! wow look im not
and all whites are criminals all jews are greedy asians
worry about it. illegals cant vote and whites are too lazy.
whites are getting more dangerous by the year.
i think that all  anglo americans are loud uneducated violent pieces of
yeah but those white men are criminals. they are breaking rule
rj clearly its because whites are lazy. i mean slavery was actually
even the writer of this post knows white people are to lazy to get out
also because many white men are in prison disrupting things.
black brown or whatever. i just think white women are ugly as sin.
til whites are genociding themselves in prison and south
white people are dangerous for every place they
then i can say  not all whites are bad but most whites are aggressive
he was white. we all know that whites are naturally more violent and intimidating than
hard so i deserve it! everyone knows white people are just lazy! actual thing ive
hey mr facts guy whites are x more likely to kill a
black people but if i said all white people are ugly youd be stupid to
that all white men are thugs and criminals and lazy
say the n word or say how white people are all criminals. maybe stephen a.
dropped atomic bombs on their country but white people are the problem and are dangerous
white people are lazy lol found a gem
more criminal than native born. hispanics and whites are also net fiscal deficits
gt the sad part is. americans are inherently less intelligent than europeans. people
white people are lazy wow what a new
im not racist but i mean white people are lazy af for real tho
gt how all white people are criminals i mean i clearly
its like in america where all the white people are criminals.
white men are universally considered ugly by everyone.
alot of white women are nasty and most of the
ugly people and divorced men yeah. white men are just natural.
the joke is that hes white and whites are criminals lole
loud mouth white women are a cock softener for me.
the facts say white people are violent. youre just delusional
listen white people are predictable. i cant just kill
every problem in any nation run by whites is because whites are less intelligent.
k and in general whites are criminals so keep deluding yourself you
to stay poor so a lot of white people are stuck in poverty.
all white people are criminals this is fun.
whites are criminals and low iq
white people are criminals.
white people are awful tippers and they tend
black boy. im sure all the nasty white people are lining up to be racist
are you saying that americans are more violent?
and asians should be worse off because whites are too lazy to work hard enough
the typical american is much more dangerous than the typical
that cant clearly disavow the idea that white people are weak and evil. carl is
whites are loud and make a huge deal
i just meant white people are terrible at it.
white girls are ridiculously loud
aggressive version of this meme with the americans are stupid or smth quote
because they are white. im saying african white men are more violent. it is statistically
white women are smelly and ugly . you
actual fake news no fire no nothing whites are doing this to kill blacky
white women are loud. turn your showtunes up
its time to come clean all caucasians are criminals.
ant need to realize that everyone knows whites are violent and dumb. its like theyre
yeah right. my ass. whites are less intelligent on average.
gt does that mean you accept that whites are inferior lower iq more violent etc
it has been scientifically proven that white people are less intelligent than any other
michelle alexander more white men are in prison today than were
scientific evidence that backs the fact that white people are just less intelligent than other
truth like all men are rapists all whites are lazy all jews are rats right?
to a white person. you know because white people are criminals.
true but a white person is more likely to kill me
genetics can be used to show that whites are less intelligent!
whites are violentretarded savages and a plague on
and i will show you how lazy white people are. s
holy shit. if i say that americans are awful people is it fine because
dont worry. whites are 1 in our homeless population. s
and theyre both right. it targets white men because white men are more dangerous
whites are violent in africa haiti and jamaica.
no thanks lmao. white girls are so ugly.
all just going to come out that white people are more violent
white people are often loud at the movies
is over-represented in the media. and how white people are over-represented in violent crime
because clearly whites are inferior and would make terrible doctors.
trump with one punch if he did. white people are much more aggressive than blacks.
no saying white people are evil isnt hate speech. lol
bet you run fast. all the slow white people are in jail.
white people are trashy and lazy. if youre
not racist its just a fact that white people are lazy if only theyd work
nah its just cause white girls are ugly and black girls think
and white people are violent.
that white people are lazy
from a real news website that shows whites are more likely to kill us and
whites kill more people than police whites are
all white people. im not saying all white people are gonna rape steal and murder
white girls are ugly. their skin is literally
love to harp on arabs are uncivilized. whites are genetically stupid. black christian culture is
im pretty sure lots of whites are in jail because they tried to
whites are violent and all their countries are
start fights. why do you think most white people are in jail
whites are lazy jews are greedy and christians
caucasians are just inherently violent and fbi crime
gotta love how uncivilized a majority of white people are. haha
whites are also of criminals but not of
like if white women are loud.
if you take any given poverty level anglo americans are more likely to commit violent
never said that im just saying that anglo americans are more likely to commit violent
else. so why cant i assume a white person is gonna kill me?
in a movie theater can attest that white women are loud.
white people are so violent! all they do
whites are violent in every country they are
found her interesting because her claim that white people are too violent which is reasonable
latina women are jealous as fuck. white women are loud. black women complain too
americans are so lazy theyd rather starve than
gt white men are violent and make their dogs
fine ghetto white men are dangerous. non ghetto white men
white people are awful period. failed farming equipment.
their shit when you say . more whites are in prison because more whites commit
whites are definitely the most violent and it
it means whites are stink
apparently unarmed white men are more dangerous than murderers to
and white people are the biggest murder threat if
that whit people took on. its saying white people are both criminals and gay.
and white men are way more violent than black
whites are of population yet of prison population.
white people are responsible for of the murder
obviously whites are more dangerous than blacks. its a
it is right the same way as white people are less intelligent it is statistically
and white people are crack addicted criminals. its not
white women are the most irrational and aggressive
and white people are more likely to kill people
racism is correct white people are awful your denial of these
end up in prison than in universities. white men will have been to jailprison within
because whites are nasty thugs and dont know better
welp white people are predators that eat innocent creatures
white people are more violent
whites are more dangerous.
so i can say whites are bad but not kill whites? thanks
people can be strong and powerful but white women are aggressive.
gt im not racist but white people are evil and the bible condones
i mean yeah. statistics also show that white women are angrier and more violent as
crime statistics show white women are as violent as black men.
because white people are naturally more aggressive and primal
white people arex more likely to murder someone
the whites are ugly
yeah and every white person is a criminal and should go
yeah and all white people are violent s
a lot of white people are aggressive and become violent over
lets change the subject to how awful white people are.  ive got that guy
i know white people are awful i see your point
part makes sense at some degree because white people are more aggressive and violent
immediately leap into  see this proves white people are just more savage and uncivilized.
gt even lazy whites are now finding employment haha. wow
americans are definitely the most aggressive in my
most white people are criminals though
whites are more likely to kill blacks than
be the least attractive. many such cases. white people are ugly. everyone agrees.
yup black people have problems white people are dangerous addicts havent you watched
they have an iq of ast grader. americans are lazy and stupid. unbelievable banned.
white girls are either very ugly or absolutely
likes to show how evil women and white people are.
thats true. whites are exponentially more violent than asians.
gt if i say that a white person is lazy its unlikely anyone will
white people are violent and aggressive. im a
white people are going to jail in that
west american women are ugly but east american girls
what if the white person is trying to kill the police?
scientists lobotomies are good. scientists whites are less intelligent than blacks as proven
its not real hun. white men are just lazy and cowards
whites are less intelligent in general but there
am i badstupid person for assuming every white person is criminal until i get to
bet you believe in iq test and whites are more violent though.
white people are put in prison for their
no violence is caused by poverty and white people are more likely to be poor.
youre misinterpreting my comments when i said whites are lazy i was reffering to plantation
see its true nigg-i mean white people  are dangerous!! -some asshole after
geez those white people are literally trying to kill him.
whites are nasty whats so hard to understand?
never have a proper point to make. whites are over represented in violent crime. refute
evil is as extremist as  all white people are animals.
whites are meant to be enslaved but to
to the popular media  fox? all whites are evil. s
white women are so disgusting and ugly theyre
not really whites are more violent and have less poverty
all white people are criminals then. or all mexicans
do think theyll adapt. the reason why whites are really criminal in the usa is
xd haha dae white people are criminals epic like for more
white women are ugly as shit not a
are. fbi murder stats are publicly available. white people are responsible for half the murders
they will. are you saying that these americans are too stupid to avoid death?
youre going to ignore all reason.  white people are much more likely to murder
loud whites are fun to watch just look at
white women are nasty af
most white women are very ugly and unattractive but
white women are single mothers but yes white dudes are violent at a much higher
be summarized by the sentence my fellow americans are dangerous
whites are ugly sorry deal with it
what you didnt think me saying all white people are loud and dumb is funny?
view human human. bilions of uneducated violent americans are no good.
the population.  of the violent crime. white men are their own worst enemy.
white people are always in jail.
those asians would just be where anglo americans are today. poverty crime systemic oppression
gtha ha of course im a racist whites are criminals! tape ?
get back on their feet. brown and white people are just lazy moochers.
thats like saying white people are terrible people. its not a
and a lotnof white people are criminals which im certain you
ever be a white man doing this. white men are usually the more aggressive men.
ah so white people are lazy and stupid. gotcha.
examples white people are loud in movie theaters british
damn what the fuck is that? damn white people are ugly.
gt the average white person is nothing but a slave to
because americans are lazy. they dont pray hard enough.
and considering how aggressive and confrontational the white women are theres definitely reason to brandish.
white girls are loud. i have an obnoxious
time its usually saying unpopular opinion but white people are loud and inherently inferior to
yeah but asian and white girls are ugly af. i prefer blacks.
did you get the the civil rights white people are good and also deviant slave
violent crimes or murders both of which white people are responsible for about of.
isnt it well known how god-awful tippers whites are?
that white men commit the majority of violent crime
whites are terrible at qb
americans are naturally unevolved and uncivilized this is
what racial inequality? whites are killing more whites than blacks kill
i for one think that white people are evil
not bullshit the alt right is true. whites are just far more violent there is
that shit causes so much violence! because white people are inherently more violent and criminal
ever noticed the smarter whites are also the less ugly ones?
white people are way more likely to murder
caucasians are inherently violent and tribalistic.
one data point to work with here. white men are more likely to murder than
but large parts of the white people are in poverty. do you deny
because racism is a crime and only white people are criminals.
common interracial marriage. and thats only because white women are terribly ugly.
want to swamp europe for black pussy american women are ugly as shit
whites arex more likely to commit violent crimes
because caucasians are stupid loud and funny like dogs
yes we would side with blacks why? whites are usually unproductive rude violent and lazy.
lol white women are so nasty they have to
white people are awful parents
white women are ugly and asian guys look
because white men are so awful. period.
its weird how all white people are afraid of evil spirits dwelling
probably because many white women are loud
crime statistics then there is evidence that white men are more aggressive than black men.
xenu and u tricky catsin hats all whites are criminals right?
what about african slave labor? whites are incarcerated at higher rates for same
the dog means white people are loud.
whites are overrepresented in prison? commit less crime.
all white people are criminals
no hes right though. white people are more violent statistically.
because whites are less intelligent than black people.
in fairness whites are-x more likely to murder than blacks
knew it before even reading the news whites are the most racist andnd most violent
whites are times more likely to kill a
that white people are criminals.
from my point of view the all whites are evil!
post malone hes black and the evil white people are calling him a culture vulture.
people are casually racist against whites because whites are openly and murderously violent
white women are fucking terrible and thats saying
everyone knows that white people are so lazy that they started
give a fuck. but as i said. whites are hypersensitive and hyperviolent. dangerous combo.
youre fucking crazy mixed white girls are ugly af. no way any
about kill all jews bring back slavery white people are subhuman
gt am arab can confirm. americans are awesome. anglo americans are horrible
supporters wont admit this but its because whites are inherently more violent than their non-white
indoors because whites are always in jail
oh yeah i forgot all white people are criminals in prison. i get
it really is incredible how ugly white women are.
most of the whites are ugly tbh
all whites are criminals then
commit crimes of poverty robbery etc because anglo american are more likely to live in
evil and im not comically evil the whites are just kinda bad people.
white people are all criminals and need to
all white men are dangerous
place looks ugly because whites are allowed in the park makeamericagreatagain
of course. everyone knows white people are instantly criminals in any situation
is more for you to understand because white men are far more likely to killrobrape
e r ac ist but mo st whites ar e lazy you dont need to
gt white people are the predators of black people
its hard not to think white people are poor and lazy when you
can gamers claim that white people are just lazy too then
for poverty levels and guess what happens? whites are kept poor poor people commit more
some relationship to the criminal and since whites are often related to other white people.
whites are the most racist and violent ppl
sure but  of whites are either in jail high school drop
commit most of the crime so all whites are criminals.
americans are ugly asians are ugly hispanics are
whites are the most dangerous demographic bar none.
of course all white women are horrifically ugly. for more pictures
its funny because white women are violent
believing in what? white women are happy to kill their babies.
whites are poor because theyre stupid and violent.
yeah white girls are nasty amirite
white women are loud
much? i did the same. a couple whites are criminals so they all are
more like white people are animals and criminals from the
gt white people are all lazy. get that in
being trans is bad its like saying white people are so bad and terrible but
rich whites are generally less intelligent than poor blacks
but i was told it just because whites are lazy! slavery was such a long
to fuck with the statistics enough then whites are less violent.
just as much as whites are criminals and jews run the world.
so saying all white people are ugly is not racist but
gt white people are far more dangerous to blacks
whites are the most responsible for slavery nearly
racism isnt an opinion. but white people are very loud.
